Alright, maybe not totally alone.So I decided to have a week long vacation in a country with a warmer climate. I had made a friend from here and we agreed to hang out, go to the beach, bars etc. Well, it is now day three and I saw my friend once. We ate dinner and had a beer. Then he said he had other shit to do for the next few days, meaning I'd be stuck dicking around in a foreign country for 4 more days all alone. I just realised how desperate I was to hang out with a friend. My life has been shit from the start: abuse by an alcoholic and drug abusing parent, my fathers step mother abusing me and of course as a young child I was stressed and depressed by all of this. This led to me being bullied all throughout elementary, middle and high school. I literally have 2 "friends" at 22. I saw the chance to hang out with a good friend as we agreed and ended up with an expensive trip and not much in return. I look around and see how others are so happy, walking past me while laughing with their friends. Me? I'm walking around alone as usual. And the few times I have been able to hang out in a group I was the person at the back. The sudden realisation that I'm alone with no family or friends is crushing me. Because of my past my socialisation skills are poor. I can talk with people just fine but I can't start a conversation. This is one of the most important skills anyone could have and in my case it's fucked. I'm not ugly, fat or have poor hygiene. But still, I can not get into proper contact with anybody. Hell, even on tinder I get matches all the time but shit hits the fan when I'm supposed to have a conversation. I start typing and after a few messages I get nothing back. I can't even hook up with anyone, let alone go for a coffee. Or keep a conversation.Not sure what the fuck I'm writing down, just blowing off steam I suppose. I'm on a quiet street, drunk with a beer in one hand and my phone in another. My depression that I was able to suppress quite well for  almost two years has now come back worse than ever. What a fucking perfect vacation this is.
