Hey guys, I want to tell you about my situation. And in turn I would like advice. The answer may seem very clear but there's more to it. This'll be a long post.So I have a group of friends alright, and well things were looking awesome. We were all so close and it seemed nothing could separate us. Well fast forward 2 years. I developed depression and anxiety due to relationship issues and inability to let go. Although I've let go now. My depression is more about myself. How I'm unhappy with who I am.I'm overweight, unconfident, awkward, shy. You know the deal. And well more recently I've had outbursts. Anger, sadness. I really want to die but am too much of a coward to kill myself. My best friend of 6 years doesn't help me like he used to, I'm pretty sure he believes that the way I act is just looking for sympathy because I don't help myself. I'm stuck in a friendship because everytime I try and leave they call me down. Saying that I need to grow up. My friend of 6 years and his girlfriend are the big problem. They don't understand depression at all. What it can do something. His girlfriend is actually responsible for my first suicide attempt. She pushed me across that line.I have one friend that has depression and anxiety like me. We are pretty close. He understands my problems and helps and encourages rather than tell me to get over it. What I'm asking is what should I do? Just leave the friendship? How? Lately I've been fighting these feelings, I take a moment, like a breather when I'm feeling these thoughts and tell myself I'll be okay. It's working. But I know one day soon, it's gonna be a terrible day. I can feel it. This self loathing for attention, but not of sympathy. But help. encouragement. I doubt I'd still be alive if it weren't for my one friend. The one who supports me. I wanna leave because I just want to stop bringing them this negativity yet they still want me to stay. I take things out of context. And get mad at them. It's been a vicious cycle the last few months. I need help. 
