Computer engineering degree. Graduated with honors nearly four years ago and been unemployed virtually the entire time. I deleted the huge rambling rant I was typing but suffice it to say that my worsening depression kept me from looking for a job or internship when it was really critical for any potential career that I do so. I hadn't had a job before graduating, either, so had zero experience to put towards anything.By the time I tried looking for something degree-related, my mind already felt useless. I could barely remember the things I did in school, much less talk about specifics of projects or answer questions about them. I could hardly focus to study for more than five minutes before my brain shut down entirely. I was forgetful, absent-minded, physically and mentally exhausted all the time. How do you get an interview like that? You don't.A year passed after graduation and I got nothing. Then a year and a half. Two years. That far out of school, nobody accepts applications for internships. The major companies won't bother to consider you for entry-level positions unless you have experience. My future was dead in the water.Since then the only job I've had was a short stint in minimum-wage retail. I can't begin to describe how soul-crushing it felt to be in that position when my friends are already making six figures. I continued to apply here and there, but the most I ever got from that was a scheduled phone interview that never materialized. I can't do engineering at this point and I apparently need years and years of shit experience to apply for a $10/hr position around here.I have given up on the job search entirely now. I've realized that I just can't do the 40+ hour per week grind in whatever shithole I'd find myself in for the rest of my life. Even part-time would be near unbearable when no business gives a shit about your quality of life outside of work and only expects you to live to work another day. The only way I can be content is if I'm working for myself, so that's what I'm trying to do now. I'm exploring a couple options with several different friends in the hopes that something pans out. If not, then I guess that's it for me.Sorry for the text wall, I'll probably wind up deleting this, too. 
