My anxiety is pretty bad lately and it makes my depression worse. I've been dealing with terribly obsessive thoughts and I've read on how to help with them but it's _so hard_ trying to get better. I, like everyone else in the world, has made mistakes and bad decisions. I know a lot of people can't get over their mistakes, and I'm one of them. I think about them constantly and it's fucking terrible. A lot of the stuff I fret over these days is about dumb shit that happened on the internet to me a while back, like one to two years ago, so you think I'd be over it but I'm not. It's like I'm over it and don't care about it, but I can't STOP THINKING ABOUT IT. I just did some really stupid stuff because I was in a bad place and made some people think poorly of me but that person that I was back then isn't really who I am now. The reason that it kills me so much is because this shit is on the internet FOREVER. It's nothing even bad and unless you knew my handle on that website then you wouldn't know, and nobody knows what it was other than like two friends and they couldn't give less of a shit over the dumb stuff I did and still love me but god, I feel so shitty. My mind is full of what-ifs and I come up with these ridiculous future scenarios that I know won't happen but god I can't stop.It's really bad right now because a little bit ago I decided for some unholy reason to check out old blogs of old friends and my anxiety just fucking skyrocketed and I was on the verge of a panic attack and I feel so silly for it. Every _single fucking_ day I develop this terrible, debilitating anxiety that won't go away unless I reassure myself that it's okay by checking on old websites that I used to go on. It distracts me from things that I need to do, and makes it impossible for me to live in the moment and let me feel just a bit peaceful. Sorry if this post doesn't make much sense. I'm trying to keep things vague so I don't ramble too much, but I just needed to get it out of me. I'm truly, beyond terrified that I'll never live a normal life again without thinking about my dumb past every single day. I can't see myself being successful whatsoever because of it.Anybody have any advice on how to get over things from your past? I feel like I'm losing my mind and my desire to just end everything is stronger than ever because of all this bullshit. I'd appreciate anything, please, and thanks so much in advance.  
