I was in communities. And I was always a outsider weirdo. I am a video games journalist. I worked on radio. I know tons of people and even more knows me. I am popular but loner in the same time. I had a lot of friends but I started to give up on them because they were never there for me. And it hurt me so much. Maybe because I treated them like they were my favourite people and all I got in return was making fun of me in group. I'm very vulnerable. Only people I'm in touch now are business partners or friends from work who I see everyday. Whenever I tell someone about my problems (I can't keep being silent about this - I'm extrovert) they starting to speak about their problems not caring about mine. Nobody invite me nowhere and if I want to be counted among group I have to mobilize everyone. And it's not even a happy time for me. Yesterday I made BBQ for some friends. Not a third of invited people showed up and those who came were not amused. I wanted to go home crying. I'm giving up on people. I tried so hard to make myself happy because of them but I can't. And I can't make someone to make me happy. I don't think it's about the people. People sucks. In two days I'm leaving for 5-day hike. Alone. Because I had nobody I could think would want to come with me. I'll get some me-time. I'll sit on the top of the mountain and I'll make up my mind. I'll decide if I want to change  my shit-job or if I want to sell everything and start wandering without job or money. Maybe I'll become a beggar? I don't know. You telling me about couchsurfing. My only experience with them was refusal. I think I don't even want any more people in my life but unfortunately I can't live on my own. I don't think I could mange it. But I'm sure as hell I'll try. Because if your'e good at counting, count on yourself. I just don't want it to be such a horrible experience. I want to enjoy it. I don't want this to be another way of living in despair. And people... theyre seems to be something irrelevant in my life.
