I am strong. I know that but that is not what others think.I am constantly being labelled as a weak person by my family, relatives. I am an emotional person because my heart is too innocent. I have been way too strong all this while but now I don't have the energy. I have reached a point where I hate myself so much that I want to die. I was not like this before. I was very confident. It all started a few years back. I am not a good looking person, short, round face, chubby ,dusky..nothing that matches to the beauty standards of today. On the other hand, my younger siblings are great looking. My sister is tall, slim, beautiful model looking, my brother is tall, fit, fair as well. Even though I keep saying myself that I am different and I should accept my self the way I am, the world..my family, relatives don't let me feel the same way. I have been compared, insulted a lot of times. And now I give up. I am a fun person..my best friends love me. They don't judge me for my looks. I am a very sweet person, have no attitude but still people prefer talking to my siblings. I guess looking good is very important these days. Your good heart doesn't matter. It's been 7 years since my last break up. No body has ever fallen in love with me since then. I have but they never loved me back. And my only source of living are my best friends but even they all are leaving the city or country one by one. I have nobody to love me, compliment me, pamper me or cheer me up. I feel so alone, so suicidal. My siblings have a perfect life. My sister is in love with a perfect guy and has plans to marry him. In fact even now she has other guys who love her. She has an amazing job. I am a gold medalist, a hard worker but have had the worst jobs. Been jobless for a year now because of my low confidence issues and bipolar disorder. Finally I have found a job and will start working..but I guess things are still going to be the same for me because I am not destined to be happy..It's very hard for me to keep myself going anymore. I am exhausted. I just want to rest in peace forever. I will die soon.
