About 90% of this sounds exactly like the thoughts that go through my head most days. It seems like at some point on the timeline I too was relatively happy and normal, until I started to ask the existential questions that seem not to plague most people. I try not to latch onto silly ideas like "old soul" and all the other egotistical things that just about anyone would read in a stupid little text graphic post on somebody's FB wall and say "hey yeah! that sounds like me! I guess I'm in pain because I'm something special!". But the one aspect of the whole "old soul" schtick that stands out to me, is that feeling like I've done this all already. I don't find this life impressive. I have no interest in self glorification. I don't need to climb a mountain. I don't share that idea that "people must remember my name after I'm dead" that seems to obsess a lot of people. Just last night I was sitting outside at a very late/early hour and thought to myself that maybe the only thing I could compare it to for a normal person is that feeling most people feel in that last year of high school. Senioritis. That feeling of 8 years of grade school, 4 years of HS, and being over and done with this crap. That's how I feel about life.It's not even the pointlessness itself that bothers me. It's the pain that comes along with not being able to fit into this world because I find it pointless. If I could have enough money to just have a decent place to live (I'm very sensitive about being annoyed by noise or crappy neighbors), if I could have enough money to keep myself alive and maintain a few peaceful hobbies, and yes, I still have the silly human desire that I wish I could have someone there with me who would care about me, I'd be okay. I wouldn't necessarily be sitting there chomping at the bit to commit suicide just because I don't find this life all that interesting. The part that makes me want to leave is knowing that I can never have it that way. I have to work some sort of stupid job, and god do I hate having to pretend to like people I'd never associate with a day in my life if I didn't have to work with them, have to try to maintain some sort of normalcy, have to live somewhere I don't want to live, etc etc. I know there are the people who really do say screw it and take off to build a cabin somewhere, but I don't have the means or the confidence to do that either. I don't mind life, if I could just have it my way. Which I guess at this point I would summarize as "the normal world has made it clear that it doesn't want me, that's fine, I don't want it. Just leave me alone". Most people would see the basic functions of life; eat, sleep, breathe to be the pointless part, and it's all the glitter of civilization that we sprinkle on top of it that is supposed to catch our attention and make it mean something. I'm the inverse of that. I can make peace with the seeming randomness of living, eating, existing. It's all the fake crap on top of it that I don't get. And I realllly hate being fake. I've been trying to live as close to a version of the stripped down life as I can. Just recently I sent out some job application, thinking it was such a longshot chance, and I just wanted to be able to tell myself and my family that at least I applied. They ended up calling back. Ugh... I just want to die knowing that I'm considering meeting them to talk about this job. I just want to be left alone. Anyways, I feel what you're saying fellow traveler. We're looking across at each other on this ride and rolling our eyes. 
