Didn't really know to whom I could go. I'm 24 and I feel talking to any of my friends about this will just make them think I'm pathetic.I was in a relationship with a girl for 2.5 years, we fell in love, she fell out of it.We text occasionally because we were friends before that and we have a common group of friends.It's been a few months since we broke up, she's dating again. I'm moving to the USA (I'm from India) towards the end of August for Grad school and I'm nervous as F*#$. She applied to grad school with me and then later decided she didn't want to go. I still love her and hope she finds all the happiness in the world.I just wanted to scream out, tell someone that I feel like shit.I haven't got funding for grad school and doesn't seem likely I will since I'm not yet in the PhD program.I took an ipip neo test that tells me I'm highly neurotic and have low self esteem and I'm not assertive.I'm 24 and my hairline is beating a steady retreat.I feel weak and pathetic and I stay awake at night thinking of all the ways my life sucks.I'm not fucking depressed enough to get some help and I find my reserves of strength depleting. I want to punch myself in the face till I pass out.Why the fuck am I not smart enough? Why the fuck am I not good enough for her? Why the fuck am I me?! I want to make something out of myself. I want my life to mean something, I want people to fucking remember me.I can't live feeling this pathetic always, I need a permanent solution.I do not really expect anything to get better by me posting here. I am just really grateful for the chance to vent. Crying while typing this has somehow made me feel better. I should start a journal.Thank you. The worst part is, by the time someone replies to this, I'll be done crying and I wont be able to relate to the gut wrenching I'm feeling now.I posted this on r/mmfb as well. I'm not karma whoring, just want to feel like someone gives a fuck or atleast feel strong enough to not give a fuck that no one gives a fuck.
