I moved across the country to a big city for my first job out of college. It has been hell since I've gotten here... I hate my job more than anything. I have a finance degree but I am put in a coding job. It is way more analytical than I've ever dealt with and I work 10-12 hour days just for training. We are about to do real client work and I am freaking out. The worst thing is... my coworkers, mentors, managers do not sympathize... I don't need them to hold my hand but they are condescending when I ask them for help. I believe my boss regrets hiring me just by how disappointed she gets after I can't solve anything. She keeps asking me questions that I don't know the answer to and it makes me feel like complete shit. My supervisor also picks on me during training, how I'm not paying attention. I feel so picked on by these ladies. Are women in business this mean?I have to stay here for 12-18 months before I can transfer home, but I don't know if I can stay here any longer. I have cried every single day since I stepped into the airplane 3 months ago. I literally cry to sleep on webcam with my family and I wake up with the heaviest heart and lightly cry while I drag myself to work. Sometimes cry in my cubicle. I can't handle being this homesick and stressed. I tried to make friends at work, but they all either want to get drunk at happy hours (I hate drinking) or they decline hanging out on weekends (because they have other plans). I have grown unwanted thoughts ... I believe I can stay here for the year but I will lose it. I just sorely miss my family and my boyfriend. They all tell me every single day to please come home. I am dying to...So on impulse, I sent out a few job applications two weeks ago just to make myself feel better. I got a phone interview a few days ago and they are really interested in putting me through an interview... it's all happening so fast, I did not expect this! I thought it takes half a year or more to find a job, lol. I don't know what to do if I get this job.... I want it, but my job will be so mad at me. Although I don't like my job I can't help but feel guilty since I've only been here for 3 months. But isn't your own happiness the overall priority? I can't stop crying anymore... I know if I go home that this will just be an expensive lesson that I do not actually like to relocate. I'm a homebody. :/
