(Actually more like 3 months and a week). That's how long I've gone without absolutely breaking down.Is 3 months that long in the grand scheme of things? Probably not; and the right set of horrible for instances could set me off again at almost any time, but it's still 3 months. 3 *good* months. 3 months where when I would smile or laugh I wasn't *faking* it, I felt actually, uninterrupted happiness. I haven't had a good streak even *half* this long in the past **3 years**.The best part is, I didn't even realise it. I hadn't been counting or marking my calendar or anything like that, it wasn't even me that caused me to recognize it. I was talking to a friend I hadn't seen in a couple weeks and she asked me how id been doing with my depression. I told I'd been good, *actually* good, not just the depressed, lowered standard of "if I don't wanna die I guess I'm ok" kind of good. That's when I decided to take a look at a note on my phone where I kept track of times I felt horribly depressed only to discover the latest entry was from 3/27.It's an incredible feeling, knowing that this new better mental state just crept up on me. I didn't think I'd make it here. Either because I'd live in depression forever, or I'd end my life first. I've been through a lot in the past 3 years: failed relationships, friends who've abandoned me, doctors who managed only to make things worse, more meds than I can remember, painful withdrawal from some of those meds, pulling out of school for a semester, watching all my friends graduate and move out without me *because* I pulled out... but I made it here. Here's not the end, here's not perfect, not yet, maybe not ever, but here is good. It's possible. It probably doesn't feel possible, you also probably don't believe me or at least don't believe what I'm saying could apply to you (that's how I always felt these past 3 years), but sometimes it *is*. And I know that damn near all of this is owed entirely to the help of other people, so please, whatever it is you're dealing with, don't deal with it alone. Just because you can't see a light at the end of your tunnel doesn't always mean there isn't one, and even if it takes your friends dragging you, kicking and screaming, 95% of the way there, then that's what it takes, but you can get there.
