I should preface this with general stuff about me, I'm 18/m bi and I have pretty bad anxiety disorder that flares up from time to time even on the meds.I grew up with this girl and her twin brother, I'm best friends with the brother and I have always in some degree or another had a crush on or feelings for this girl all throughout my life since I was about eight or nine, maybe younger idk. But anyhow I went to a dance once with her and fucked that up pretty bad, we stayed friends from then on but I guess I never made any attempts to hang out with her all that much or actually do stuff like friends because I was scared, I used the excuse that her brother wouldn't want to be hanging out with both me and his sister or he would feel bad if I was hanging out with just his sister and not him but the truth is I was scared that I was going to mess things up more and hurt her or myself because of something I would say. I went through some pretty bad depression and when I started getting in better control of it I thought that I could move on from her. I told everyone including myself that I was over her and to some extent relationships in general. I ended up finding this other girl who clicked pretty well with me and we went out with each other for about a week and broke it off because she felt nervous about being in a relationship for the first time and I agreed because she didn't deserve to be a placeholder for someone else. Recently I started running a DnD campaign where a group of friends including her and her brother get together every two weeks and ever since I saw her again at the first session it's like I realized why I had feelings for her all over again. I am not good looking or all that smart and I'm broke. I'm not good with girls and on some level people in general even through everyone thinks I'm outgoing. I don't have a chance with this girl and she is way out of my league but I can't get her out of my head. I've been having nightmares again and when I'm being forced to lay awake at night I think about how she will be going out of state to a college to learn to sing (she has a beautiful voice) and that will be it. It will really be over and she will be the one that got away. I just hate that thought and it makes me feel like I'm going to be alone forever because she's the only girl I've ever felt comfortable with. I don't know if it's because I am ugly or if it's because I'm not charming or uplifting enough or if she just simply doesn't like me but it's tearing me apart. I don't know what to do. I can't see her every two weeks and keep feeling like this. She knows I love her, I've told her before but there has always been something in the way and I understand that it's not the circumstance, it's me. That just doesn't help. I wish I could just turn it all off, all my emotions and dreams and nightmares and everything, that I could just focus on myself and not someone else. But I can't. I care way to damn much and it's horrible and it hurts and I hate it. I can't stand being so close to someone and having so much history with someone and knowing they will never feel the same way about me. I'm rambling, sorry. If you read this far thank you. I'm glad someone is taking the time to listen to me being a moody teenager. Even if it's just for a second it's nice to know that someone cares. I don't know what to do and I can't sleep so if anyone knows what to do I would appreciate any advice. 
