Well let me just start off and say I’ve been putting off making a post like this for a while now, partly because I just don’t really see how anything you guys say would make me feel any better and whenever I try and make these kinds of post I can never really think of anything to say which kind of ties into why I would call myself depressed in the first place. Probably going to be a long post and I will probably go on a lot of tangents but if you’re willing to hear me out, I guess I could be thankful for that. i don’t plan on going into every specific detail but I do plan to use this post to capture all of my thoughts in one place as my mind is currently a jumbled mess right now. Ill say now I never really was a very literate person so sorry if this is hard to read and understand. Im 17 right now going to turn 18 in a couple weeks and these past few weeks I have just been at the lowest point in my life. Ive never been clinically depressed but I’m certain that I am depressed just off the fact that my normal mood it seems like is just being unhappy. Ive been feeling like this for about a year and a half now. There are a few times where I can surf the internet and get a laugh in but I quickly return back to my sad mood after that. I don’t have any friends or any sort of social life right now and even throughout all of high school I can count on one hand how many times i went to any sort of social event, and I can even feel the relationships with my family members diminishing day by day. The main reason why this is the case is because of myself. I am not an interesting person to be around or to get to know, I’m not one who is going to spark up a conversation and just sit there and talk, i don’t do that, I’ve tried but any conversation I try to have falls apart after a few thoughts. I don’t know if I have a speaking disorder or what. They best way to describe it is that I can’t think and talk at the same time so I cant keep up with a normal persons rate of conversation if that makes any sense. My parents got divorced when I was 10 and that left me with my dad and my older brother to live with throughout these years. I feel thats thats the reason I haven’t developed properly as my dad is just a businessman work machine and an alcoholic, and my older brother is just as asocial as me so there has never really been anyone in my life to look up to. I guess thats all I really have to say about my backstory. I just finished High School and now its the time in my life where Ive got to look into my future, but the more I think about it the more I feel as if there is no place in this world for me. I was never a standout student in any of my subjects and as you can probably tell if you’ve read this far I was absolutely terrible in English. My parents want me to goto university to get a degree but I’m having serious doubts if id even make it past the first semester. Even if somehow i could get the degree I have no idea what I would use it for. In this moment I honestly don’t know if I want to keep living like this, I’m failing to see the point. Ive already made up my mind about how I’m not going to marry or have children. Partially because I can’t see myself maintaining a lifelong relationship and I just don’t like the state that today’s world is in and wouldn’t want to bring a child into this mess. And all of this is the reason why I’ve been depressed for the past year and a bit, but there has been something that compounded on top of everything. Im sure that you guys heard about the mass shooting in Orlando a couple weeks ago, that in itself is terrible and shouldn’t have had to happen but also days before that in the same city no less you might have heard about the singer Christina Grimmie who was shot and killed after one of her concerts. I don’t know if you guys knew her before that story came out but I certainly did. She was honestly one of my favourite youtubers, i literally made a youtube account back in 2010 just to subscribe to her. She was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen, I mean she had the looks, had the voice, and honestly just seemed like one of the most genuinely good human beings. Just knowing her success story made her one of the most inspirational people I’ve ever seen. Her music was one of the few things that would help me with my depression and actually feel good, and sometimes have a positive outlook on life. And to think now she’s gone just because of one fucking insane fan felt that he had to do something as fucked as that it just pisses me off. I mean she was 22 and had her whole career ahead of her, literally the definition of success and now gone forever. I never got to meet her but was planning to goto one of her shows when she came to my city but… now thats never going to happen. I know this is just one of many fucked up things that happens, and the fact that these things happen on a daily basis all around the world is depressing in itself. Im failing to see why I should continue this journey of life, the things that used to make me happy don’t anymore, theres too much fucked up shit in this world, and my life is on a path to nowhere with me in my current position. Every day just feels worse than the last, the same everyday grind, and for what? I don't want to live a life working everyday if there’s nothing in life worth working for. I wouldn’t consider myself suicidal right now but I’m damn near close to it. The only thing keeping me here right now is my immediate family members, I don’t want to hurt them even though we really aren’t that close. I just feel trapped in between not wanting to hurt others and wanting my hurt to stop. I don’t know if  /r/depression is the right place to post this or if /r/suicidewatch would be a better place idk. I just want the pain to be over somehow someway and I’m loosing hope that my life will get any better. I’ve told myself I’m not going to make any serious decisions until my birthday in a few weeks who knows this might just be a prolonged morale slump because of Christina’s death but its been almost two weeks and I feel like i feel worse than the day it happened. Thanks for reading till the end if you have, i don’t know if any of this will make any sense I’m just very distressed right now and can’t really think straight. I guess id appreciate anything you guys have to say about my situation. I may or may not reply it’ll just depend on how I’m feeling and if I can even think of saying anything. It's also my first time posting on Reddit so you'll have to excuse the poor formatting.
