**TL;DR:** I am the only Deaf person in my family. I grew up with a cochlear implant, and I talked. I learned ASL four years ago and have since realized how wrong my family's dynamics are. I have asked/demanded them to learn sign and they refuse. I thought that with them learning sign that I could get out of my depression. I want to be included in things, but I just don't have the energy to especially if I don't know what the hell is going on. Recently, I thought to myself that I should just forgive them and walk away. No one is perfect. And clearly it will be a long time before anyone budges from their viewpoints. I haven't told them I forgive them, though, because I'm afraid of letting them down, more so, me. I don't feel like I can talk to them even if they say I can. Their words feel forced. Frankly, I don't have the energy to do anything more than feel guilty, ashamed, and afraid.----I just feel like I need to walk away. My family is not abusive or doing drugs or anything. We just have different viewpoints. We're all definitely coming from very different thought origins. My depression stems largely from the fact that I am Deaf. I would say that the insecurities started in third grade when I was mainstreamed (went to a public hearing school). Before that I went to a oral school for the deaf. I was surrounded by people like me. I had friends. Then I was mainstreamed. I didn't make any honest friends until freshman year of high school. Anyway, growing up I talked because that was what I was taught. I had, and still do, a cochlear implant on my left side. It was fine. It worked. Then mid-way through my high school career I took ASL. Along with the language, I learned the Deaf culture. I agreed with it and realized just how many things were so wrong with my family dynamics growing up. No wonder we are where we are now. The dynamics are still there. I want to change them... But that is also changing them as a person. I can't do that. I can't control them. As various sources have pointed out to me over time. They don't want to learn ASL, and they have been rude about it. I admit--I haven't been so nice about it, either. I remember the very first time I brought it up to them. I wrote a letter because I wanted to make sure the right things came out and in the right way, but the more I wrote, the angrier I got. Since then I have tried again by bringing them to a family meeting, or--the last time--to my therapist. I have a big family--four brothers and sisters, and we're *all* at the same stage in life. College. My brothers are best friends. My sisters are so alike that it is easy for them to spend time with each other. I always found it hard to partake in those family bonding experiences. I've missed out on so much. 95% of the time we speak we are yelling because I didn't hear them correctly the first time. I wanted them to learn sign just so I could be a part of those times. There wouldn't have to be as much work needed to communicate something.  I honestly thought that if they learned sign that I could get out of this depression. I would now be able to talk to them and understand what they are saying. It's weird because it's my immediate family members that I want this so badly from, and not from anyone else. I could care less. I love them so much, and I know they love me back. But I feel like I just have to get out of here. It's just so much easier to hole myself up in the basement rather than stay upstairs with them all day. I've been down here for a month now. At first it was because I went to Germany for two weeks and hated every minute of it. Now it's because I feel guilty and ashamed. I do tell them--mostly my mom--how I am feeling at least once a week on average. I tell them when I don't feel safe when those moments arise. But beyond that I don't feel like I can talk to them. Even if the tell me I can talk to them. I don't feel like I can talk to them because of how they say it. It feels forced, I can feel their frustration emanating before they even speak. But then again we're already raising our voices because communication is shitty!I've put a lot of thought into this. A few days ago I felt so bad that I just told myself that I forgive them. I want to tell them that. No one is perfect. I haven't because I feel like I will let them down. I will let *me* down. And I also draw from my ex-best friend. I know she meant well, as did I, but we clearly weren't on the same page. All I got was resent. I feel resentment with my family, and I feel like I will feel it even more once I say the words out loud. School is starting now so my siblings will be away. It'll just be me and my mom. Somehow I feel like I should go away, too, where none of them can ever find me. I don't even want to talk to my mom. I can't. 
