I don't really feel like I can go to other people about my depression or my sadness. It isn't because I feel special in that I am some rare case where I don't need help with it, it's because I actively try to keep myself depressed or feeling bad. I crush myself under the mental burden of doing anything, I can't do anything productive without someone telling me to do it constantly. I am afraid of doing anything with my life because of failure so I don't even try in the first place. It's going to ruin my life and even though I know this I still don't do anything about it. I know I can do a lot with my life, I have the mental capacity to do most things, but I look at all the work required and I just feel like no one like me could do it, even though I would like to believe I'm above average in intelligence. I also have this stupid wish for someone to kick my ass into gear and force me to do it, this came about when one year my ex-gf wanted me to take an Advanced Placement course in high school, I really didn't want to do it but she pushed and pushed and when I finally did it I had the best history class I've ever taken. No one is here to do that now and I feel pathetic for wishing that someone else should just take care of me and constantly push me to do what I need to do. I'm just sad I guess. Oh and my depression comes from:* an emotionally abusive father that my family left when I was 12 * my sister died from bulimia a year later* I suffered from severe bullying my entire life* my brother shot himself January 1rst this year. I've been to two mental hospitals for attempted suicide but I've given up on that, though I still don't really want to live. My mother found a new husband and I don't get along with him, they've had three sons together, I'm 19 and I live with them currently but if I don't go back to college they'll kick me out. This is a huge mess of a post I think I just needed to vomit words at the screen for no reason to make myself feel better. Thanks Reddit.
