Hey - just want to offer a career idea.  Technical and analytical skill is helpful, you are basically working for yourself and the career will become what you make of it, i.e. how hard you work and how much you continue to learn.  Look into Commercial Real Estate Appraisal.  Go to appraisalinstitute.org to research career and education required.  I bring this up for a few reasons.  1: I am one.  2: I have been at times severely depressed due to my OCD, and the career allowed me to be successful in spite of my issues.  3: The profession is aging out and we are not replacing ourselves....so the future is very good.  A couple of things though, it is tough to make money initially as classes are required and then one needs to find an appraiser or appraisal firm to take you on as an apprentice.  Apprenticing doesn't pay much but once a person gets certified it's a great career.  You work different assignments every week, there is no monotony. You can work from home.  You work inside and outside since inspections have to be made.  You meet quite a few people weekly but they are looking to you as the expert and you're not trying to sell them something.  It can be rather lucrative, especially if working for yourself.Additionally, I want to mention that whatever you do or anyone in this sub does or thinks at the moment, just know that depression isn't permanent.  I was severely depressed in college to the point I struggled just to get my degree and I know had I not been depressed I could have done so much better.  I had OCD and didn't know it.  I had thoughts in my head that made me think I was possessed.  With OCD, you can be completely sane of the fact that you are going insane.  I struggled, battled, got married, had kids and all the while had shit in my head that would subside and then come back strong at times.  Due to three major stress events in my life 9 years ago the OCD got extremely bad and my head was screaming.   I went from being basically fine to within 2 weeks ready to kill myself.  Instead, I summoned the strength and courage to call a therapist and talk to someone for the first time about the crap thoughts screaming in my head.  Within a month of my first therapy session I learned for the first time that what I was dealing with had a name, it was OCD.  Learning that I wasn't evil and that the crap in my head was due to a biological quirk that caused my brain to act differently than others, was a huge relief and 1,000 lbs of depression lifted off me in a flash.  I only mention this so anyone reading with depression will know that you don't know what is around the corner and you can't know unless you push on and attempt to see.  I had no idea I had OCD.  I thought OCD meant you're a neat freak and that definitely wasn't me, but it is a much wider spectrum.   Had I not pushed on I wouldn't have learned my issue was OCD and I very well may have killed myself....I couldn't handle my nonstop thoughts.  Whatever the reason for one's depression and hopelessness, I know what depression and hopelessness feels like.  It can get better.  The reasons for depression and the reasons it can get better are as varied as each person suffering, but we don't get better unless we struggle a little more and push a little further to see what is around the corner.   
