I’m lying here now, on my side, trying not to wake my friend, who is sleeping on his couch. I feel bad because he should be in his own bed. It’s 12:46am. Tyler has stirred a few times now, so when he does I shut my phone and lie on the air mattress he laid out for me, pretending to sleep. I figure if I pretend to be asleep he won’t worry about me. He’s too good a person to worry about someone like me. He fell asleep, half on the mattress and half on the floor earlier. I woke him and led him to his couch, where he laid down and I shut out the lights. I stayed up. He caught me crying, and asked if I was okay. I don’t want him to worry. It felt like a stab in the heart. But the truth is, I can’t sleep. I can’t even remember the last time I had true, meaningful rest that wasn’t drug-induced. The fear, the self-loathing, the depression; this, and a multitude of whatever else annuls me that day, culminates at night. The nightmares have graduated to such a level that even the thought of sleep instills fear in me. No, I can’t sleep tonight because I can’t wake Tyler or his family. He’s heard the stories about me, screaming in my sleep and having nighttime hallucinations. I can’t do that to him.  I type to myself and to you on my phone because the voices shouting at me in my head get too loud.I’m on my third day awake, or, rather, what I think is the third day. I’ve been going over it in my head and on my calendar trying to pinpoint the last time I slept. It must’ve been at Emery’s house. When I’m with him, I’m truly at peace. He’s someone I can talk to; they all are, actually, even though I try my hardest not to drag them into my mess, as much as they ask. I give them the common “I’m okay,” or “I’m fine.” It’s all I can say. It’s become second-nature to me to hide. I think I’ve let the mask slip recently—maybe I got too close to them. They know something’s wrong.It may have been the second time I tried to end my life. Fourteen days ago, on June 10, when I nearly overdosed on a combination of citalopram, Ambien, and what I can only guess was Xanax. It was Emery that saved me. He told his girlfriend, and he told Tyler. I told Shane. My biggest fear is that they might think less of me for it. Especially Emery, who, at such a young age, had to save someone’s life. I don’t know if I should be thankful, or angry, or scared. I don’t know what to feel.I’m tired of not being able to feel anything.I’m tired.
