I have lived with depression, anxiety, and OCD for over almost 20 years.  I say lived with rather than struggled with, because in truth, the last 10 years or so haven't been much of a struggle.  I tried to kill myself ten and a half years ago, was hospitalized, and since then, have been in therapy, taking medication, or utilizing strategies to help myself feel better.  I have been successful in graduating college, getting a masters degree, finding employment, and finding someone to share my life with.  We are engaged to marry next June.  And the scary thing is that it could all come crashing down soon.I used to drink a lot.  I'm in my early thirties now and still like to go out to happy hour or dinner, but drinking has become a social activity for me.  Getting "wasted" is no longer a goal.  I'm sort of sad that it ever was.  But here's the point... I still wind up getting wasted.  I have difficulty stopping, difficulty ignoring the "if one is good, four is better" mindset.  And it gets my in trouble.  My fiancee doesn't mind that I enjoy a drink (because she does too), but she absolutely hates it when I get drunk.  You'd think that'd be enough for me to curtail it.  Apparently not.  I'm starting to feel like a fuck up again.  I'm starting to question everything.  Why can't I just not go that far?  My relationship is strained at the moment.  We love each other.  But sometimes we don't speak much.  We are very rarely intimate.  We've lost our way, and I feel like a lot of it has to do with me losing my own.  I'm starting to feel depressed again and I really, really hate it.  I'm thinking about therapy again but it's so expensive, I don't see how it's going to work.  I know I need to make some positive changes, so that together, my fiancee and I can find ourselves again.  I learned a long time ago that it's very hard for someone to love me when I don't love myself.  And right now, that's where I'm at.  I don't know what will happen.  I haven't had a drink in 7 days, and I haven't been drunk in 9 days.  That's a good start.  But I just wish this wasn't happening in the first place.  I wish I didn't have to count things like that.  I wish that I could just feel normal.  I guess I'm hoping that talking about it, even to you, is is a good start. 
