So, I'm a workaholic who finally became burned out. I've been watching Bojack Horseman and drinking whiskey and all I could think of is where is my life is going.Everyone seems me as a top achiever, always been on top of my game, having the best I can be; everyone dreams living the life I want and everyone would kill me for what I have.And than there's me - thinking that I either got everything I wanted too early. In high-school everyone told me that I'm a degenerate and need to attend a school for special kids and the best that I can achieve is to land a job at McDonalds. And now I got everything I ever dreamed to get at the end of my life and I haven't even reached 30.On the other hand, there it is me again and I realize how small my dreams were; I realize that most people have it given just by birth (been healthy, having a citizenship and so on). And that I'm actually far behind of a place in life where I trully want to be. And the fucked up thing is - I know how to reach it, but I can't. I'm completely burned out.It's been three days now where I was trying to read the first chapter in a book and I can't even start doing that. I've read 300-pages phylosophical books in a several days before, as well as built strategies for companies and solved differential equations in mathematics. And now I can't even read less than 100-words.And the worst part is that I've been feeling like that for a while; for several months I'm not able to focus and provide the results expected of me. It affects my work, which affects my income and what I can afford.I know the advises you will give. I am trying to take the break, but my problem is I also stuck in environment where I can't pursue my hobbies. It's purely because I don't have friends who have the same hobbies.I don't even think I need an advise, what I really need is someone who will help pull me out from working 24/7 and feeling guilty when I can't work; someone who will become my gym-buddy, or a climbing buddy or something like that.I'm very passionate about outdoors (climbing/camping/hiking/offroading/traveling), but don't do that much this days. I think I just need someone to pull me out from the rootine.Anyway, here's my rant/request/text. At least I finally fucking said it after months of either keeping it to myself or saying it to people who don't understand it.
