Thanks so much mate, those are really encouraging words.I don't have a driving license, so I can't drive a car at high speed, not legally anyway.Build a Bear?  I love that store. I have 100's of cuddly toys, and I'm a 44 year old man. I think that this mean I'm crazy or something, but I love animals, and cuddly toys are a cheaper and easier way to have the animals that I love; mainly tigers etc.That day last week, when I was at my most suicidal, many things contributed to the way that I felt. The first was that I thought that my Dr was fed up with me, when I went to see him, and told him that I had been researching ways to kill myself on the Internet.Second thing was, a regular customer at a place where I regularly eat, was there. I said "hi", then tuned to place my order. I them tunes back to speak to the chap, and he's simply vanished into thin air. So I took this to mean that he wanted to avoid me, and have nothing to do with me.The third thing that happened, was when I went to see my Manager at work. One of my colleagues always gives me an evil look. And on this day, it was no different.Then the fourth thing, was when I retuned home. Before I reached the front door of my apartment, I saw a neighbour and his girlfriend, and I said "hi", but they both ignored me, as they have always done.  He wanted my help when he was assaulted on his way home. The cheek of it;  he and his girlfriend have never acknowledged me, and then he wants my help. I live in the UK, and people here are very two-faced. They say nice things to your face, but nasty things behind your back.They also have no shame, no pride. They'll do you wrong for years, and then, when they need something from you, they have no shame in asking for your help, despite all the bad that they have done to you.So all these things mounted up, and I had the impression that everyone hated me, and therefore, I should end it all.I'm a lot better now, thanks. I've also started Psychotherapy, which is helping.Thanks again mate. Hope you're well
