I've had depression for as long as I remember. Even as a child I can think of one memory where I actually remember feeling happy. As for finding acceptance, fitting in, dealing with society...  Well like you I spent most of my life pretending. Hiding myself. But for the last I'd say five years, I've put it all in the open. And you know why? Because depression exists. And if someone doesn't want to be around me because I'm moody, or I'm sad, than I say fuck them. I have a boyfriend now who loves me through thick and thin, and a true best friend who I can go to. And I only got these people within the last 3-4 years. All my other friends people I trusted, left when they found out I had mental health.  I'm the happiest I've ever been. And when I hear people making fun of someone for being the downer, being that emo person, or having metal health I remind them they don't know a fucking thing about that person or what they've been through. I tell them how they should feel privileged to be someone who doesn't have to wake up wishing they had died in their sleep. Tell them statistics like 20% of our population has mental health. Suicide accounts for about 24% of all deaths ages 15 to 24. So statistically they love or will love someone who has mental health or will commit suicide. I'm pretty bullheaded I guess. But I've overcome so much, and I refuse to sit. I'm standing, I'll continue to stand, not just for me. For my nieces, for my friends, for random strangers on the Internet. Because I've grown tired of the stigma, I've grown so tired of the thoughts in my own head. And honestly some people that just don't get depression have asked me dozens of questions trying to understand. And some never will, others give me a look of pure horror as they realize, they are lucky to be who they are, and mortified that other live in pain. Edit: I wanted to add. When I was hospitalized, that's when my parents learned I was depressed, according to them I gave no other signs (because we're really good at hiding it). Anyways my mother was furious and to combat her pain she tired to make jokes (which were not funny and did more harm). But my father was what stuck with me.  Because we  never spoke about it, and it was nearly 10 years later, driving in a car after picking up pizza for a family get together we were having. So it's dark, just him and I in a car. And he was upset with his mother she was acting weird, old age is catching up with her. He somberly told me, I don't know what it's like to be you or her (referring to his mother), but I'm a parent and it breaks my heart to think I brought you into this world and you feel pain. Sometimes I can't sleep at night worrying that you're not doing okay. I'm scared to ask you if you're alright because I'm scared you'll tell me you're not. And maybe I'm being selfish, but I just want my baby girl to have the world. I want her to be successful, I want her to be happy. And I feel like there is nothing in this world I can do or give her to make her happy. And the day we picked you up from the hospital is the day I realized I'm not a good father. - and I never cried so hard in my life. Not because I was depressed, I cried because I've never felt so loved and so fearful that my mental health was doing that to someone I love. So I got help, I continue to get help and I won't stop fighting because nothing makes me happier than my dad asking how things are going, and I can tell him the truth. 
