So I had a really terrible time in high school--I was either badly bullied (for my weight, my various health issues, my appearance, my sexuality, etc etc) or ignored. I grew up hating the town I lived in. My parents are good people but I just loathed this place and was determined to get out after high school. I was diagnosed with a severe psychotic illness during high school, and it was bad enough that some doctors didn't think i should leave home for university (if I went at all) but I insisted on going. It was the best choice I ever made.It wasn't perfect--I still had major mental health issues (controlled and medicated though) and developed some pretty bad physical ones (due to an accident in my second year) but I made a ton of great friends and people liked me despite all the things I was bullied for. I slowly started to recover from an eating disorder i had developed in high school. I did really well in class, worked for a year after graduation in the same town to save up some money, and got into my first-choice master's program.Unfortunately, due to where my masters is, I had to move back home for at least this summer. This meant moving away from all my best friends and my boyfriend, and from the town I actually feel at home in. I live in my mother's house. I pay for my own groceries and, since my parents are both traveling in remote areas all summer, do all the housesitting, gardening, maintenance, etc. This is fine.The problem is, I am utterly alone. Parents are gone. The only people I know in this town hated me in high school and apparently still hate me now. It's very conservative and expensive and I can't afford to get involved in a lot of activities around here. My appearance, for various reasons, is unacceptable to the people who live here. I've alway suffered from paranoia and social anxiety because of my illness (I have a very difficult time making eye contact and often assume people are glaring/staring at me, which here, sometimes they actually are). Because of my physical condition, I am medically barred from driving, and this is a small town with no real public transport, so I'm restricted to places within walking distance (and again, physical problems). I do leave the house--I go for walks, prep for my program in public areas, go to a gym, and run errands. But there's no human contact involved. I can no longer afford to see my therapist and I feel like I'm pushing friends and boyfriend away because I message them a lot and I feel like I can only complain, so i'll stop talking to them for stretches because I'm scared of annoying them, but if I tell them what's wrong it'll sound melodramatic. I'm crying off and on all the time, which is about the only time my voice is used. Talking to a cashier today, my voice was all creaky and I sounded sick, and I think it's because I haven't really talked to anyone in a while.A portion of my program takes place for ten days in about two weeks time, and I'm hoping it'll provide opportunities to socialize, but it's only ten days and after that it's at least another month before my mother returns. (The rest of my family is at least 8 hours drive away from me). Hopefully come fall I'll also be getting a job.I'm scared and tired. I've suffered from depression in the past in co-occurence with my other shit but this is the first time it's been this strong in years. I've started holding conversations in my head with fictional characters/dead people (not disconnecting from reality--I know they're not there, but I feel like I need someone to talk to and I don't have any pets). I'm not immediately suicidal but I feel like I'm getting there. I hate this town so much it makes me sick in all sorts of ways but I don't know how to talk to anyone about it. I thought I had gotten out and now I'm back. I tried to kill myself twice while living here before and I'm remembering why, but I'm not even getting bullied anymore, I'm just alone. I feel like all the progress I made in university disappeared and I'm back to the weak, scared, ashamed little kid I used to be. EDIT: Left out a word
