I have always been depressed but I have never wanted to kill myself. Hurt or punish myself? Yes. Die? Sure, but not kill myself. I used to think that meant that I was better off than most- and certainly not depressed. Now, at 26, I realize how backwards that is. Not that being suicidal isn't serious- it most definitely is. I can't imagine having to fight the urge to leap out of this burning building that is depression on a daily basis. But the illusion of being better off has finally come to slap me in the face.It happened suddenly when I was watching a video of a pack of lions blood letting off a hippos butt (haa). They weren't strong enough to rip through his flesh so they would just naw and let out enough blood to quench their thirst. The hippo just stood there and made little to no attempt to stop it. I am that hippo.The slow bloodletting of all my happiness, my hopes, my relationships. Slipping away while I remain indifferent. I remember trying, trying so hard to just.act.normal. Stop being negative. Give a shit about other people. Be more involved. Do more things. Be more thankful. Get rid of negative people. Surround yourself with inspiring people. Make more friends. I never put together that these exact things I was trying to bandaid myself with, were the very things that would be draining me into the lifeless blob I am now-3 years later. I never realized that these things were completely pointless if I still found no joy in doing any of them. I never thought my new friends would pick up on how indifferent I am about their existence. But they have, of course. They're probably the best people I have ever met too, which makes me me feel like even more shit. Now I'm left meaningless, friendless, LIFEless and with barely enough energy to make myself a glass of water most days. And for what? So I could put up some front to an audience that doesn't even exist? For Gods sake people, don't wait as long as I have to get help. Just because you don't want to hurt yourself doesn't mean you aren't depressed enough to receive help. Don't wait and try to fix it on your own or minimize your feelings or your situation. If you are reading this you are worthy enough to have a great quality of life. Stop making excuses, you shouldn't feel weak for needing professional help. You deserve it. Go get it. Don't be a damn hippo. That's all. 
