I am going to generalize but give enough info on what happened so it makes sense and still be anonymous so no one can personally identify me. Basically I was guaranteed a dream job that one could only hope for since I knew the owner of this company. I was qualified (or so I thought) and after months of them waiting to bring me on board in the official  interview which would get me hired I not only failed to get the job but embarrassed the owner in less than 60 seconds! What a fucking record! Fuck me. Basically I was supposed to go in with some planning and assessments which I had months to plan on. Yes I had it all planned but a few weeks prior I wanted to brush up on some other things because I knew I had the rest of it down. The point was to take this weeks information and make some analysis on it and they would judge me based on this (sorry if it doesn't make sense but if I said what it was this wouldn't be anyonmous). So in trying to perfect all the little things I forgot to plan for the big thing they wour basically grade me on. So when asked what the assessment was I responded with confidence, then when they asked for this weeks details "FUCK MY LIFE" is all I uttered in my head. I forgot the most important part and that is all they asked of me to do is to plan one week prior. I got so caught up in trying to impress them by knowing absolutely everything that I forgot the only thing they even cared about! So in 60 seconds I made myself look like a fucking retard even though In a few days I could have made the assessment but as I even admitted to them I knew it was too late. They wouldn't want someone making such a huge fucking mistake like this working for their company. That's like going on a road trip and forgetting you have no money for gas. So not only that. I staked everything on this now I am broke and jobless. My family and friends are waiting to hear the good news but I'm just sitting here by the waterside contemplating if I should kill myself to save myself the humiliation and In return save my family money for having to help me out since I am fucked! I do NOT believe in welfare and will never never accept money from someone else. I'd rather die. I really can't even come to the reality myself I fucked over my only chance at a successful career that I truly enjoy. I'm basically going to have to flip burgers now. Fuck me. I'm not afraid of death anymore. Death is only an ease to my suffering. Even if I don't kill myself how can I possibly tell my family that a job I was guaranteed I found a way to fucking humiliate myself like a total fucking jackass and got rejected and told to leave in 60-120 seconds! If I didn't have a family I could probably press on but knowing how high their hopes were I don't want to be a piece of shit disappointment.What I learned: Be humble. If you think life is going to be great all it takes is one literal minute to turn your life to complete and total ashes.
