My depression came back worse than ever in the past several weeks. I've tried everything I know how to do to help me get out of my \"funk\" but no matter how little the goals, or how simple the task, I can't bring myself to do anything. I dread going to work. A job I used to really care about now makes me feel stuck and without a purpose. I was planning on looking for a new job since I can't move up from the position I am. My best friend of the last 7 years and I had a falling out that started last year and came to a head in January. She just deleted me off of her Facebook but we had just been talking a few days prior so I have no idea why. I don't really care to reach out to her because I feel that she is toxic to me especially when I am vulnerable. But still, it hurt. It makes me feel like she doesnt care enough to try and fix what I thought we had. I was willing to work through things, with time and space. But, I guess that's not an option anymore.My grandma died in January. My heart breaks everyday. I miss her so much. I wish she was here and I wish that I could tell her about what's going on in my life and have her advice. Her sister and I weren't really close before she died but ever since she has been reaching out to me. I want to be close to her but I don't want to replace my grandma. It can be difficult listening to her talk about my grandma and her memories. My family life is crazy messed up. I try to stay away as much as possible but I have younger siblings that I care deeply for so I'm still involved somewhat.I'm dreaming now of failed relationships and ventures. All the things that I want to fix but I can't. Some things need to be let go, I know. Some things I want to yet again. But there's such a weight on me.I'm scared of talking to my husband because he has been working extra hours at work. I don't want him to come home and have to take on the burden of my prpblems. I want to take care of him and love him. I miss him when we aren't together. I know that he would listen and love me and do what he could. He knows I'm struggling but I won't let him in. He's the best person for me. I feel like I don't deserve love. I feel like I don't want to exist. I have to be at work in 15 minutes. I just wanted to get even a little bit off my chest before I went in. Life is so much more complicated than what I've written here. But that's the jist of what is on my mind. 
