I'm not proud to admit that I've had depression in varying levels for the past 14 years. I also wouldn't say I had a very good childhood, in part because of it.Family is the foundation that we're built upon, at least according to sociology. Makes sense, they're the first people we get to know, learn to live with, and the first people we depend on for survival.Today, my family isn't around. Siblings have their own lives, parents as well (divorced), and I could not live with them anyway. I was homeless for a few months in 2010 because my parents threw me out. I don't know why I remember that episode as a \"traumatic\" versus the independence it forced me to find. I will admit that I was no prize child, I don't blame them.I've had a few friends here and there but nothing big. I know you don't need a big group of friends to have support. My friends do have their own lives; significant others/families, jobs, the whole adulting thing. I have a job too (at least for now). I don't see or talk to them as often as I would like, but I respect their lives over mine. I do struggle with a sleep disorder on top of everything else, and I found it interesting when hanging with friends my sleep got better (evidence is from last summer).Anyway, one person says that I always say that yet it's not true. So I decided to come here and ask, \"what constitutes as a support system?\"I hate the fact that I come home to an empty apartment, that I can literally go days without ever getting a phone call, and that I'm lucky if I see any of the aforementioned friends once a month. I'm also \"touched deprived\" which probably doesn't make thing better (so virtual hugs are welcome). How does one make an accurate judgment if they haven't seen a \"depressed\" person consistently over time?I *thought* I did everything I could do. I went to college (commuted) and got a degree. I tried joining groups. I talked to classmates, just never was able to bring a \"friendship\" out of the classroom. I participated in some theater events. I've tried scoping out churches in my area. I've tried the meet shady people online for chemistry purposes route (no insult to anyone who has met partners that way, my hats off to you guys; I have not been so lucky and I accept that). Volunteer experiences. Internship. My job.After all that, plus the struggles that I went through to try to keep moving forward; well, I just don't want to live anymore. It's an awful feeling I wouldn't wish anyone to have. I'm told I'm wrong for wanting to punch my own ticket. I'm just tired of fighting a losing battle. 
