Hello reddit. This is my first real post so sorry if I get formats wrong.Over the past year I've been suffering from very mild depression. No one in my family knows about it, only my friends. Over the past few months I've gotten worse. Much worse. Before I get into it, here's some context. I'm a 17 year old male, overweight, suffer from anxiety and I'm socially awkward. I view myself as worthless. No one will ever want to be in a relationship with me I view my self as the lowest of the low. I've also experimented with drugs a lot, however, I don't feel like my past drug use has effected my depression. I had just started college (from the UK btw). Life was okay, I was doing work, hanging with friends. Then suddenly I just stopped doing my work (it was a really shitty college, going to a better one this September.) during my time at this college I met a girl, we started talking a bunch and it eventually tuned into a relationship, my first real girlfriend, my first kiss, everything. I felt like my life was turning around. I was truly happy for the first time in a while. All was good for 5 months. I was truly in love with this girl, and she was in love with me too. It was amazing. Until she suddenly left me, saying that \"she didn't feel the same anymore\". This was in April-May (can't remember the exact date. All my days have blurred into one from not being in education and no job). I was destroyed. Over the next week or so I healed from the emotions. This was when the depression came back, and strong. My depression is back. But much worse. I'd say I have a strong mild-severe depression now. (I haven't been officially diagnosed, I cant tell my family about it. I don't want to worry them and I just feel I can't talk to them about my feelings. I never have been able to.) some more context, I'm the funny witty kind of guy, using current situations for jokes and satire jokes. Because of this I use my depression for satire jokes, such as 'joking' about killing myself etc. But now I feel like I do want to kill myself. I've already given up on my life. But there's only one thing really stopping me, my family and friends. I couldn't do that to them, especially my family. It'd take my pain and put in on each of them. I don't know what to do. I'm lost in life. I want help, but I also don't. I'm so mentally stubborn that anything people tell me I will almost always think my opinion it more valid. I hate this, because I want to help myself. But I just can't. So reddit, please give me advice or help. Thank you for reading.  
