We're always told that life is about taking risks. Don't settle for a dead end job, don't just survive. My tale is a common one and not altogether dramatic. My story is of a man that made a gamble and lost. In my adolescence I could have been an academic success but I wasn't as mature as I thought I was. College should have been in my future but debt intimidated me. So I began my professional life.I worked in sales for approximately 6 years, five of which were as an automotive  salesperson. As a corporate scandal unraveled and my income suffered, I started to crack under the pressure. My girlfriend has been with me three years and had to endure me coming home crying or in a rage. Day after day seemed to bring one crisis after another.I decided to take a risk. The love of my life and I have had a house together the past year and I decided to make a big change. I left my career as an established salesperson and started working for a large corporation. Little did I know that soon all would unravel.Anxiety is a thing that has always plagued me, but something that I've generally been able to manage. Only 3 months into my new career I developed Shingles. Experiening the worst physical pain of my life caused me to miss time at work. So began my down going. Pain has a certain psychological toll and I began to deteriorate. Returning to work I found myself on shaky ground. Corporate policy doesn't leave much room for compassion. I have now been experiencing panic attacks and was even taken to the emergency room by my girlfriend for the state I found myself in.It's been a week since my visit to the ER and I've had a visit with a counselor. I'm set to meet with a doctor that will prescribe me medication, but for now all I have is my small supply of valium from the ER. One would think this is the beginning of the end of my misery but this morning proved this is far from true. Last night I was using Drano and for too long I looked at the bottle and knew I could end it all with just one final drink. I hesitated and thought of the love of my life. I could never leave her alone. That night, I decided to tell her I've become suicidal.This morning, as I awoke, panic set in. The day off is over, and my own personal hell of corporate America awaits. Instantly I was overcome by a panic attack. I plead in tears to my love to please leave me and let me die. I begged her for release, and instead I was embraced. I know I would destroy her if I truly ended my life. So my life must continue. I cannot be released from this endlessly cruel and punishing existence, so I must find some way to endure. I've been laying in bed all day crying and dreading the outside world. Come Monday I may face unemployment, but at least the next month's bills will be paid. I wasn't always like this. I used to be outgoing and social. As with any risk I should have known there would have been a price to pay. I could never have known the cost would have been so high. My mental health is shot, I crave death despite how much I fear it.I wish somebody could help me.
