Not happy in any way but it clears my head somehow. I want to have less and less and I don't know if it's good for me. Lately I unfriended over 100 people on facebook. Now I have like 20 friends. I give away my clothes from time to time. I sell stuff that I bought 2-3 years ago. Like electronics and gadgets. Everyday I'm having less and less. I'm affraid it's my way to leave nothing behind me so I could kill myself. Those thoughts were haunting me for few years now. Every few weeks I have a breakdown. I realise that I have no family, no friends, no love and no money to make any part of my life easier.  I live in rented room with my cat and I have a lot of loans to pay. I have no insurance and no money to look for specialized help. There's noone in my life. All I want is to die, and maybe then I reborn as someone who has it a little bit easier in life. I don't want much. I'm 28. I don't remember when I had sex. Maybe 8 years ago. When someone hugs me I shiver. I have nobody who would be proud of me so I can't do anything amazing. I have nobody to do this for. I have a normal job where I earn a average amount of money, but paying loans leaves me with almost nothing. I can't go and buy me something just to make me feel good for a while. All I want is to buy a  car anad trailer and live anywhere I'm not bugging anyone. I know that killing myself is not a solution. World is beautiful and I love it. I'm grateful for everything I have. All this below-average life is more than I deserve. So I give stuff away. But I think without these things I'd be nothing. I have loads of ideas to make my life worth more. But I just dont want to do these stuff. I just want to be left alone with me having nothing. Id love to travel from town to town. Earn money somehow, sleep in rented bed and go further. Until I can't walk anymore. But I can't maintain such life. I have no goal. I wander in my life and I'm lost with my head. I stoped hating it. Maybe it's how I am. Guy with no place to be. But I don't know any way to live this life. I don't know if I'll live to my 50s and I already wasted almost 30 years of my life. Why is everything so hard? Everything make me so stressed. I wish there is something that someday will make my life easier. So I could lay down and stop thinking. I there a way to be free? Maybe if I gave up on everything I have...
