Hey, breathe. I looked through your other post, and I want to reply to some things in both of them, but I'm starting here, because it feels more imminent. Firstly, chill. It's okay. And if it's not, there's never nothing you can do about it. Panicking doesn't make it easier though, and neither does quitting. &gt; Why is everyone so mean to me?Because people are dickheads. There are some non-dickheads out there, but they're few and far between, and sometimes some of those non-dickheads treat each other like dickheads for various reasons. Especially at this age. It sucks that we live in a world like that, but it's just what is. That said, the goal in life is to find a bunch of non-dickheads and group up so you can communally rule out the dickheads. My point is, focus on who you have, and who's important. Not who you don't. I'll come back here in a bit. &gt; I don't know what to do, I have to change everything. Right?Why? Having established that people suck, why let them do you? You do you. Do you like who you are? Not like, every little bit, nobody does. I'm confident. I actually arrogant often. That said, I'm terrible in a lot of social scenarios, and I know I'm kinda fat. But I'm proud of me, and I overact the part to not show my weakness. So that's the question? Are you comfortable with you? Do you like the person you are? If some dude can convince people to give him all their money to come live on a ranch and wait for aliens to abduct them, you can find people who like you and that you like. Who do you want to be? And are you close to being that person now?&gt; I'm not in college and I don't have a conventional job.So what? I know a guy who works for a dude with a biomedical engineering degree, who runs a lawn care company because he started it in college and was making more doing that than he would've with the degree he spent years on. Point being: college is a tool. Sometimes you need it, sometimes it's pointless. Everyone has a passion. Everyone wants to walk away from life saying "i did this." What is your this? It's a hard question, but it's well worth finding an answer. I'm building towards a story, I swear. &gt; I don't know my purpose. I don't think I've ever had one.Hell... I don't think I've ever had one. But I know I'll be happy if I can teach for the rest of my life. I'm a firm believer in existentialism. You make your own purpose. Life is about being happy with yourself and what you've done. Your life is measured by whatever scale you want it on, and it's wrong for me to tell you that you've got the wrong scale. Why does life have to have seen big, set in stone, predetermined "purpose"? Why do you need it? You're smart. You can think. What do you want to measure your life in? What mark is important to you?So, here's the wrap-up story...Four years ago, I had the best relationship of my life. I was starting college, we'd been together for about a year, and I would've proposed then, but she was younger than me and my sensibility wouldn't let me. To this day, I'm not sure I would've actually changed a single thing about her back then. She's different now... But we both are. I did everything I knew to. My main priority was that relationship. I have never heard anyone be able to word what I felt, and I'm not certain I ever will. If I am capable of loving anyone any more than I did her, I cannot begin to fathom how. Then one day it was over. Just like that... One day, I get a call, and it's subtle. It's not like "we should see other people" or "I'm done" or anything, and there's no reason why. It's just "i need some time." And that's it. We stopped seeing each other, stopped talking like normal, just stopped. Everything. I didn't really sleep for the whole month of Christmas break. I was up until dawn, mostly crying, and then I'd pass out from exhaustion, only to wake up at 10:30 or so. I ate maybe two meals a day, if that. I didn't want to go, or do, or anything. I have never been so distraught in my life. Then spring semester started, and I had to go to college again. I skipped a ton of classes, my sleep schedule didn't get much better, and I spent my time playing a ton of video games, trying not to think about it. I had no other relief than the guys and gals I met online, and whatever they could offer to put my trauma out of mind. My grades suffered, but not terribly. The spiral continued for another year and a half. Eventually, I was failing more classes than I passed, and I didn't have anywhere else I could go. My medical degree was dead, and I had thrown it away. So I got a job. Teaching was always the "backup plan" in case I couldn't get into med school. So I started subbing. I figured it would be "fine."It was great. I never would've thought I'd enjoy what I do this much. I like the teenagers and young adults I work with. I like that I get to encourage then to think, and see things in a new light. I love that I get to be the "cool teacher" who doesn't do the stupid stuff I knew was stupid when I was a student. It's beyond rewarding. But I never would've thought about it before. Now, you couldn't make me go to med school. I picked it because it was doable, it was a good paycheck, and I could help people. That was my benchmark. That's my measure: how many lives have I changed in a positive way? I want it to be a big number....I start work in the spring, and I've already been offered a job by the principal of my high school. I'm stoked. I love what I do now, and I know it gets better... So in a way, I should thank her... The hell she put me through made me who I am, and I'm proud of who I am now. That said, it sure was a rocky road getting here....What's my point? Don't be defeated. Sad is fine. Depressed, even, is normal. But tstaying hat way permanently isn't the goal. Sometimes you can't pull yourself up. I still get sick at my stomach when I think of her, or see her name fly by on Facebook or Twitter.  I'm not sure when that will go away, or that it will, but it took something else for me to stop being consumed by it. That something else always comes along if you're open to it, but there are two keys. The first I already noted. Be open to it. Don't box yourself up and be done with things. Life comes and goes. Let it do both naturally. The second is what got me through. Find people. Find someone, or several someones, that you can talk to. That want to listen and help,and hear you out. Find people who are willing to actually listen to what you have to say AND that can "argue" against what you're saying. Find someone who cares, and offers good counter-points. They should be your friend, and you should know that, but they should also make you evaluate your thoughts, and see when they're driven by sadness rather than reason. If you don't have anyone like that, pm me. I'm not always around 24/7, but I'll reply. I won't just pat you on the back and agree that things suck, but I'll listen, and I'll try and show different views. I'm not always the easiest person to get along with, and I don't have the best social skills, but I'm not a bad guy, and people in need are always worth my time. 
