I'm a 21 year old female currently studying abroad in a country on the opposite side of the planet from home.  I've been deeply depressed for months,  briefly hospitalized 1.5 months ago back home.  Now I know I never should have come on this trip.  I'm not coping with my depression,  barely eat,  and I hate myself.  Sorry for the lengthy post, there's a lot of details because I'm very verbose and it was cathartic to write. If you read through it I'm grateful,  I don't really have anyone to talk to.  On a side note,  there's so many details here,  I'm mildly paranoid that someone I know will recognize me,  but I don't want to leave things out so I'm taking the chance.  I've been suffering from periods of depression on and off since I was about 12 years old. Usually it's manageable.  For a few weeks I'll suffer terribly, but I always am able to keep living my life and get what I need to do done and eventually I pull through until the next bout knocks me down again.  There's a history of mental illness in my family on both sides including depression,  bipolar,  and bpd. When I was younger and feeling particularly hopeless I begged my parents to take me to therapy on more than one occasion,  but every time I began therapy I retreated into myself and refused to actually make progress with my therapists.  At one point about a year ago I saw a pdoc who told me he thought I may have bipolar 2 after our initial consultation, based on my family history and my description of my behavior and feelings,  but reasons prevented me from being able to see him again and my next pdoc disagreed with the diagnosis.  In fact he didn't really think anything out of the usual was wrong with me.  This current bout of depression is different from my previous,  I think I'm finally broken.  Usually I was able to keep my life going on track even if I stumbled a little,  but this time I've fallen and I don't think I can get back up and continue on the same course.  I feel like I have ruined my chances for the life I wanted and if I can't live up to the potential I had,  I don't know if I can live with myself. Fall semester I partied more nights than not,  changed my entire social circle,  lost my absolute best friend,  and while I was very depressed for a month or so, I managed and for the most part I was fine.  I got a 4.0 that semester,  I made amazing new friends,  I didn't just keep my life going at pace,  I was able to improve it despite the fact that I couldn't let myself be alone for fear of being alone with my thoughts. However,  during spring semester,  when my life was objectively good,  I lost my ability to cope.  My anxiety reached an all time high. I cried more days than not,  I felt like I was living on the edge of breaking down and crying or hyperventilating at any given time or place. During this time,  I missed two exams due to anxiety and had to get doctor's notes,  the first time this has ever been necessary for me,  as despite my mental health issues in the past my studies have never dramatically suffered. I started going out more and more,  fixating on getting guys who weren't interested in me to give me validation. The weekend before finals,  I saw one of my favorite bands and cried through show, picked a fight with my best friend,  and ended up asking another friend to drive me to the hospital that night because I was worried about my mental health.  I stayed in care for a couple of nights,  they moved me to the off site clinic for suicide risk patients.  It was hell.  I knew I wasn't going to actually kill myself,  I just couldn't cope with life and I wanted to take a break from existing for a while. When I left I felt better,  renewed with confidence that I could cope and get myself better because i knew the last thing I ever wanted was to go back there.  I, against their better judgement, with a lot of acting I didn't realize was fake at the time,  convinced my parents I should still go on the summer study abroad trip I was signed up for.  They wanted to keep me home and help me get my head straight, but I thought changing my plans would make me more depressed and if I kept a positive attitude and lived a normal life I'd get through it like I have at other times.  It did not work.  I'm now across the world from everyone I know and I'm miserably depressed.  It's been months of depression at this point and I'm digging a deeper and deeper hole every day,  and I don't know that I'll be able to climb out of it. The program has less than ten students and while everyone is friendly, I really only have one friend and I feel rejected by the other people in the program which makes me feel even lower.  I have no roommate,  so I spend most of my time alone in my room,  browsing reddit,  crying,  or hoping my friends back home pick up on how lonely I am without me telling them how bad it is. I've stopped eating much since I've been here. Because I'm alone all the time,  I don't like going to bother to find food unless other people ask me or are with me.  This hasn't been an issue for me in the past but now I just can't be bothered to deal with the outside world unless someone is with me to push me and guide me through it.  I eat maybe one small meal a day,  maybe a small snack too,  some days I eat nothing,  some days I eat normally if I'm out with people. The more concerning part is that I kind of enjoy being hungry.  I've always had slightly weird issues with food, and I have felt this before, and I've never really liked my body,  but never let it control me. Being hungry has started to make feel good.  If it's uncomfortable then it's a punishment that I deserve for being the way I am, but usually it just makes me feel stronger instead of painful anyway.  The past several days I've spent almost totally alone and miserable and I've only eaten when I started to feel weak. I don't mind eating,  and I eat healthy when I do.  I'm not afraid or ashamed to eat,  and I eat around people because I don't want them to know that I'm not eating,  but I just really don't want to eat.  I've been studying the language here for two years,  and I am now doing poorly in my classes because I have no motivation and all I want to do is sleep,  and every day I feel more like a failure.  I have been a top student my entire life,  but I am just incapable of doing the things I used to do and the more I fail the less I want to try.  After my hospitalization,  two of my professors were very helpful and concerned and gave me incompletes on my courses so I could finish my finals when I went home.  I had the opportunity to do them and I still don't know how I failed to,  but now they are passed due and I haven't completed them or contacted my professors.  I refuse to check my email because I'm afraid of what they have sent me and dealing with it.  I know this is the absolute worst way to handle it because it's not handling it at all but I don't know how to do anything else. I'm completely self destructive. I am going to fail these two classes and tank my GPA,  and I will absolutely destroy my chances to get into the grad school of my choice.  It's too late,  I'm sure that I can't fix things now,  and I feel like in such a short time I have absolutely destroyed the future I have been working so hard for my entire life.  I don't know how to come back from this.  I really don't think I can accept myself and a life where I squandered my potential so.  Before this trip I had extensive experience travelling alone,  and it was amazing. I hate that I'm not acting like the person I used to be. The person who pushed through,  who struggled but managed,  and who wouldn't waste this opportunity abroad by staying inside crying all day.  When I talk to my friends or parents,  they tell me that I will pull through because I've been strong before,  done this or that in the past.  The problem is I'm not who I used to be.  I'm weak now.  I can't do the things I used to do.  I'm afraid of the things I used to love. I don't like who I am now.  I wasn't great before,  I had pain and problems then,  but I would give anything to be her again because I had a certain strength too.  I used to get through depression because I knew it would always go away eventually,  but now I have no hope, I can't get through it because I know if I do it'll come back anyway.  I'm not sure what to do.  I think about suicide but I know I won't do anything while I'm here at least,  probably not ever.  Coming home is out of the question until the program is over.  I can't talk to my friends or family really.  They care in their way,  but they aren't helpful,  they don't know what to say and it only makes me feel guilty for bothering them. I'd go to a pdoc if I was home,  but there's no way I can get mental health services while I'm here. I feel like I'm drowning.  I feel like I've ruined my life,  and I know it's silly because I'm only 21 and I have so much time left,  but I've ruined the life I wanted.  But what's worse is I know I never really could have had it.  This was always around the corner.  Even if I got through college with my top grades,  I couldn't get through a competitivs grad school,  or if I did,  I'd fail at the high pressure career I want.  I'm not designed to cope or function in the real world.  It's just not the way I'm made.
