Here's the deal. I'm 32 years old, I went to college and got a degree in finance (way more useless than I would have thought), I work hard but can't EVER pay my fucking bills or find a job that pays anywhere near what you need to survive. I have a small business that I've been working my ass off to build that makes supplemental income at best. I moved to another state to be with my gf who wanted to get married so I agreed but then she left me for what seems like no reason but probably because I can't seem to find a way to make a lot of money ev en though I payed every single bit of my share of everything on time and then some. After that I had nowhere to go and didn't really know anyone in this state so I was homeless for a few weeks. I have a place to stay now for maybe another month and then I'm back on the streets again. I manage a shitty gas station, which of all the jobs I've had in my life I actually like the most, but still pretty much hate it. Even though I work every fucking day I can't pay $1500/mo for an apartment and I'm getting too fucking old to find random roommates on craigslist. I hate myself, I hate my life and I think I'd probably kill myself, but I don't want to hurt my family. I'm not lazy but I ABSOLUTELY HATE working. I've never had a job that I didn't 100 percent hate with a passion. I was an insurance agent for 4 miserable years, I currently work in real estate (commission bullshit that barely ever pays jack shit), and I own a window cleaning company. And now it just seems like I'm getting older and I'm working multiple shitty jobs and running a fucking shitty business that makes maybe 2-3 hundred bucks a week if I'm lucky. I feel completely unsuccessful and I'm probably looking at homelessness soon because I live in fucking Orange County and you have to be a goddamn millionaire to rent a studio apartment. Noone will let me rent a place anyway because my credit is fucked from the student loans and an old car payment I defaulted on. It seems like you have to make a shitload of money for society to even let you live indoors, and I'm not making the cut. I don't even have any kids and I can't even handle this shit. Like, what a fucking loser. I can tell my own mother is totally disappointed in me. She says thing like, "I've had it with your poverty problems. I don't understand, you have such great skills and a good education and people like you, so why can't you make at least 40-50K? So wtf dude... I feel worthless and stupid and I have debt that I can't pay from that stupid-ass degree everyone told me I had to get in order to amount to anything. Fuck the world, I just want to grow weed or work on a farm or just go off the grid. I don't want anything to do with this fucking rat-race bullshit anymore. The system doesn't work for me. I'm exhausted and depression meds don't work. Sadly, the only time I think I've ever really felt happy is on a couple hard drugs I've taken. But that's nt a habit I'm willing to form and it doesn't even work anyway because even though you feel good for a little while, you feel three times worse when you come down and its just obviously not a solution, though it may provide some brief respite from this material grind. My dad killed himself a few years ago, and his dad did the same thing and I can completely understand why. I feel even worse and totally ungrateful for thinking like that, but that's how I feel. I have chronic depression and anxiety, I'm angry as fuck 75 percent of the time, and terrified the other 25. I just don't enjoy life. I wish I could die, but not kill myself. I've given it my all hoping that some day things might be okay but they just get worse and worse and harder and harder and for what? Idk.. I guess I'm just scared of homelessness and I used to think I had a pretty good set of marketable skills, but obviously I don't. I thought I'd at least be able to be a part of the middle class, but I'm dirt poor and sad as fuck ALL THE TIME. I feel like a little bitch for even feeling this way. Idk... fuck it... 
