Well to begin with, im ugly, emotionally unstable, I stutter when I speak, I suck at expressing my thoughts and ideas to other  people. I'm dumb and im not really living up to my own expectations and standards at school. I used to (I think) at stage have friends, but now all my closest of friends have drifted away. No one takes me seriously, not even in a comedic sense. Im not the funniest of people, and i dont have this stigma of being funny, and people still dont take me seriously. Apparently  im \"goofy.\" \"People arent laughing with you, theyre laughing AT you!!\" I cant find anyone in real life to express my feelings to. Im a 17 year old  student that goes to an allboys school. The main reason to my hoplessness in life and me hating myself I guess is due to me not being satisfied with the people around me. For example, I want to be friends with this 1 guy,  we used to be the best of friends at 1 stage, but now I guess we are just \"friends.\" In a sense where im avoided and ignored most the time by him, unless there is no other option or else it would be awkward for him.  To make things even worse, im a failure of a perfectionist. I want to be the best in everything I do, but im just lazy. Even when I do try and study I still end up getting below my standards/expectations. Due to my own beliefs and morals, I wouldnt kill myself, but If I could, I would with no hesitation. No one likes me. My parents don't really understand that I have no drive in life and demotivate even further with their daily rage. As I tear up and type this at the same, I wonder if even people on the internet would probably consider this a joke or trivial. To sum things up, I have no friends or people to talk to in my life, I have no drive or motivation to do anything, Im extremely emotionally unstable and cant even talk to people in a nornal conversation as I cant even articulate. I hate my life, my self, and the mental position I am in. Ive had my own \"self diagnosed \" months of depression, but in my eyes Im having it again. I have no one in real life to talk to, not parents, no friends, no relatives, no teachers, no one. Empty and Lonely.I cant even generate a thought of happiness or optimism without my mind just shutting it down. 
