People don't seem to understand that that alone is enough for me to prefer being dead.I've been nothing but a privileged, lazy, selfish prick for my entire life. I'm not high enough up on the corporate ladder to get *paid* to be an asshole, however. I'm out of shape, my social skills have devolved like some kind of fucking feral child into staring at my phone or being curt for no reason since I can't stand small talk, and my legal career has officially plateaued since I've gotten quantifiably stupider over time (paralegal now, and my LSAT has gone *down* every time I've taken it, something any law school worth a damn will see as a red flag).Yes, happy people, I understand that it's possible to turn one's life around and that my circumstances are not difficult to fix. Lift a goddamn weight a few times a week, force myself to go out and socialize, put my resume out there, see a therapist, consider other people's feelings when I push them away or shut them down.If. You. Were. Me.I've had plenty of opportunities to improve my life, sometimes through straight up nepotism and no effort on my part. The problem isn't my circumstances, it's me. As a person. I suck ass.The worst part is even though I know the steps I should take and what a happy life on the other end is supposed to look like, I won't take them. Happy people I see with jobs and SOs that they love don't have lives I could even pretend to want. I am repelled by entrepreneurship. I'm not talented enough to be a creative and can't commit to any skill long enough to improve. I would blow my fucking brains out if I worked as a finance or consulting douchebag like half of my college graduating class. I may do it anyway even if I get a JD, but at least the hours are better.It probably seems awfully reductive of me to say that nothing I could do with my life would be worth the unhappiness I'd need to endure to get it. I contend that you don't have to have experienced something to know it won't fulfill you. I believe this because I haven't felt \"fulfilled\" by anything, as if I weren't born with a part of me that could even *do* that.In HS, I did too many extracurriculars at the encouragement of my parents to ever pause and reflect that I *fucking hated my life*. Things broke down in college when I didn't have anyone to force me to be constantly distracted by bullshit hobbies. Now I'm just circling the drain, waiting to see what buttfuck-poor life hurdle will finally inspire me to end it all. My money's on getting fired, though seeing friends who have completely turned their lives around after being in circumstances similar to mine could just as easily win the day (e.g., my geeky childhood next door neighbor just got engaged and graduated from the Air Force Academy, and I'm too shit a person to even feel happy *for him*). 
