May 10, 2016 7:40 PMMother lost her shit again. Furious that I refused to drop AP Euro 2/3 of the way in. Didn't give a shit about the efforts being laid to waste. Insisted through screaming that my head was filled to the brim with shit and saw any response that wasn't in accordance to agreeing or apologizing to be insubordination. Even if I was fluent in Mandarin vocabulary, I don't believe she is the type to be open to meaningful conversations and discussions with understanding of how that it never was about being right, but rather about respecting liberty while formulating compromises and best solutions on all parties. Ignorance has always been my greatest enemy. My own admittedly and others. This isn't about her hormones. This is her lack of understanding and maturity despite having 4 times as long as I had to mature. She's consistently playing the "I'm the hand who feeds you and I'm the adult so shut the fuck up" card. She's refusing to accept that her rationale can't hold up.She'll set up rhetoric questions: -"Why are you doing this to me? Why do you hate me so much? You want me to die early?"To which...If you answer at all:-"You're talking back to me again."If you don't answer:-"You're shutting me out."Regardless of answer it'll lead to...."You're disrespectful and couldn't care less. You don't care about me. I should just kill myself to make your wishes go faster. You're going to regret everything you've done to me one day and cry at my grave when it's all too late. You're disrespectful and couldn't care less. You don't care about me. I should just kill myself to make your wishes go faster."They say that adults try to have cool downs before coming back to the situation. However, she exits the scene with "I can't even look at you demon spawn. Looking at you makes me want to regurgitate blood.". And when she leaves, she doesn't leave. She comes back repeatedly every minute to berate me further. Her policies aren't "what's best". She does what she does in arguments and discussions because it feels good. It feels good to let all that stress out on someone you've been told to unconditionally love. Tell me she loves me all you want. Abusers in abusive relationships often still love their trapped partners, only they can still cope with the guilt by alcohol or they convince themselves that they're in the right. Her fear of appearing wrong is making her wrong. Using "I gave birth to you and give you a roof over your head" to justify yourself only depicts a neon sign labeled "narcissist"Abuse doesn't have to be done with fists and open palms. Although when I was younger it wasn't too uncommon. After she realised I had grown enough to start blocking or tore the ruler from her hand, she slammed her head against a desk while screaming that I was responsible.She refuses to acquaint herself with personal boundaries and modesty. She'll tell you to stop "frowning" and smile because you're selfish and putting a damper mood on the family right after you're friend was nearly raped.
