Prepare for a wall of text.This is something I have been meaning to write for many years and I never really knew where to post it. I also must take this opportunity to apologise. I have never been to a doctor about depression, never been on any medication either. So I apologise if what I am typing offends people, I don’t want to make light of depression or rant on about my situation when people are suffering through much tougher situations. I just thought I would state that first.I don’t know when my problems first began, I think it was when I was in my teens. I had “friends” at school but I will be honest, I didn’t like them. Two faced bastards, nasty. I stuck with them because I had. Eventually I (which I could argue was the moment my life took a turn) got a PC. At first I tinkered with it and played basic games, but I remember playing Doom and my “friends” would come around every day and ask me to go out. To me, Doom was more fun than they were and I often ignored the door. The sound of them knocking on the thick wooden door still sticks with me, I hated it. I used to hide behind chairs and in cupboards just so they couldn’t see me through the window.Eventually I went to college but my crippling social issues came to light. I rarely spoke to anyone unless asked directly, never made any friends and just went home each evening and sunk myself into my PC.Over my PC use years, I did join an online community, Vzones. I remember seeing the advertisement in the back of a magazine. A pay monthly chat room where you are represented by an avatar which you can customise and move about.My year or so using that service was, looking back, amazing. I made some good friends (at the time) using that service. I remember logging in, and dropping my avatar in a room of people and they all would be happy that I arrived. I met a girl on there and we dated/voice chatted and used web cams for over a year. We even got married on there. Just like real life, issues got in the way and even though I had a good thing going and I know in my heart if I had been a good person, I would have met this girl in real life, I fucked it up. I ended up digitally cheating on her with her online friend. She found out, raged and ended up fucking her old boyfriend in real life. She is now still with him and had children.Vzones crashed and burnt and I left many years later. As years past one thing became true, I loved to play online games but I pined to have someone to play with. I remember playing Star Wars Galaxies, alone of course. TF2, Arma, Counterstrike, Battlefield etc. Yet each game I played I felt an emptiness. My life decisions and my fucking brain has had an effect. Here I am now, 33 years old, 2 kids, full time job and yet somehow very lonely. I had a glimmer a few years ago, a glimmer of what life was like for gamers with friends. While playing Arma one day, some guy in the global chat asked to team up with someone. I don’t know why but I asked him to join me and he did. He chatted on the mic and I reluctantly did too. A year later we still spoke, we played Arma often, Minecraft. I had so much fun, but there was a catch. He has a temper. I am someone who HATES confrontation. There was a few times where, for whatever reason, bad mood, he was very angry. I played minecraft with him and one time a tree I had planted grow and the chunk update moved a shit load of carpenters blocks. He raged. Swearing at me and demanding I fix it. Instead of doing what I wanted which was call him out on his shit, I took it full on in the ass. I clammed up and proceeded to fix the blocks like a mug.We don’t really speak anymore, he was more of a Fifa player and played matches often. I would sit there many nights waiting for him to finish and eventually he would pop online and say “sorry mucker, going to bed now”. I had been waiting to play with him for hours. It got me down more and I relied on him, one person. I put all my digital eggs in his basket. Once a year my partner and our 2 kids travel up north, 4 hours away, to see her parents. I am left home because she knows I don’t really like family trips. I end up booking the week off work. So once a year I get 7 days of no screaming kids and plenty of free time, but this joyus occasion is tainted as I have no one to play with. I could reach out to this guy again, but I relying on him is a risk, besides, I don’t really like his attitude. I guess I am asking if anyone is interested in playing games with me during the times of 20th July to the 26th. I own Arma, Overwatch, Minecraft and many others. Beyond those dates, I am able to play late in the evenings (between 9pm-12 midnight UK time) and maybe on weekends.I fear talking on microphones and I don’t know why, but it is something I will have to get over. Again I apologise for this. Reading what others post on here and I end up posting “I don’t have any friends so I’m sad”, does make me feel awful. 
