I'm 17, and I have social anxiety. A few years ago I went to therapy and had been on medication. Therapy was okay, I didn't feel like I made progress with that. I also didn't tell her the truth about somethings and I didn't open up as I should've. The first two medications I was on didn't help much. But I didn't take them right anyway. The last medication I took helped racing thoughts and dwelling on embarrassing memories. Right now I'm just dealing with social anxiety by myself. And from what I can tell it's only sent me deeper into a hole. I'm suppose to graduate this year, but I'm not in school because it was too stressful. Everyday I was a nervous wreck. I don't have a job, my parents will probably start asking me to get one. I think I'm going to get my GED soon and hopeful about going to college. But if I can't even go to high school how will I go to college? I really want to get help with all of this again. But I have to depend on my parents to get me this help. Like finding a therapist and psychiatrist. They kind of drag their feet doing things like that. So I feel like they won't do it or they'll take a long time to get it all sorted out. And taking me to the appointment will be tricky. I just need advice on how to get them to realize that I really need help. Actual help. Because I can't continue living like this. Everyday I wake up and think to myself, how will I ever be successful in life when I'm like this? On the path that I'm taking now, I never will be successful. I just want my parents to know that I'm serious and that I need help and that I can't keep living like I do. It's sad that they haven't stepped in already and said something isn't right. She can't coninute to live like this. Cause right now, I don't do anything. I barely go anywhere. There's nothing going for me in life. At this point, I feel like I amount to nothing. It sucks because right now is when I'm suppose to start being more independent and start building my future. But I haven't don't any of that. I depend on my parents and other people. I want to be indepent and building a future for myself, but my mind stops me from it.
