I'm really fucked up over this and in a deep depressive slump. You guys are all so strong and I'm hoping you can send me some strength in advice to get through this. I had an episode that the other night that I THOUGHT I dealt with ok. I was in my home having a game night and I had to excuse myself after a board game was over because I wasn't able to control my thoughts. I didn't say anything bad, I didn't physically or emotionally hurt anyone. I wasn't even the only host who was home and in control of the night. My SO was there and continued to keep pace with everyone else as normal. I went about some calming routines in my own bedroom of my own home and resumed the night. I politely excused myself and said I had some things to attend to. I thought it wasn't a big deal.I get the nastiest text message yesterday from someone who I THOUGHT was a close friend calling my literally garbage and shit and telling me I never deserved friends in the first place if I was going to treat them that way. WHAT THE FUCK?How is that fair? I was having an episode and I went and took quiet time to go through coping routines without harming anyone whatsoever. She didn't even say she was mad when she left. She had refused to speak with me when I came back out of my room, didn't leave until 3 hours later, and slammed my door on the way out. NOT TO MENTION when I went into my room she tried to follow me and tell me I was being shitty for walking away. She came into MY room and I asked her quietly and politely to leave because I had a few things to attend to. WHAT IS WRONG WITH THAT? My house does not have an open bedroom policy. It is NOT ok to come into my room and people who come over know that because that's not only how common curtsy works but it is something I have also mentioned many times. It's not ok to come in here. This is my house and this room is off limits.I spoke to another friend about this. All of my friends know I'm bipolar 2. This is not something I'm quiet about, but I also don't scream it from the moutain tops. I give disclosure of this and then we move on. I would THINK that people would remember this, remember that I'm trying my fucking best, I have successfully been discharged from the years of therapy I've been through, and I just take it day by day. My friend suggested that maybe ex-friend forgot? HOW DOES SOMEONE FORGET THAT I HAVE A DEBILITATING DISEASE? HOW IS IT OK FOR SOMEONE TO SPEAK TO ME THIS WAY? I NEVER DO THIS TO OTHER PEOPLE. I make damn sure of that. I suffer in silence and refuse to lash out at people. I will send myself home before I subject someone else to this, and this time THEY were in MY home. My other non-crappy friend suggested that maybe I need to try and communicate to people when I'm having an episode. Maybe I need to say "hey I'm having a bipolar episode". WHAT THE FUCK DOES THAT MEAN? If I was capable of that, I wouldn't have a mental disorder. I wouldn't live my life in fear of this disease. Am I just meant to brand it on my forehead or patch it on my arm like some circus freak? Why do I need to announce myself when I'm the one who's suffering? Why can't my normal friends take a time to look beyond themselves when they're NOT EVEN SUFFERING and realize maybe it's my disease and not that I'm a "piece of shit who abuses their friends". I'd also like to mention that this ex-friend has a best friend who is not only a psychopath but a dissociate schizophrenic. I spent three years of my life being abused by that person and I ended that friendship for my own health. Friend A who called me garbage stands by the literally diagnosed as a psychopath friend blindly and could have her arm chopped off and still remain friends with this person. You'd think she would be capable of A LITTLE understanding to my position if she's capable of a lifetime of abuse from friend B. But no, I have one moment of weakness where I spend time in my bedroom in my own home rather than around friend A while I'm suffering and it's akin to killing her dog. How is this fair?What do you guys do for your friends? Am I being unreasonable by asking for compassion? For not wanting this disease to be my identity. For not wanting to constantly remind people that my brain is inferior and broken? I've spent the whole weekend crying and feeling hopeless. I've spent my whole life terrified of people. My parents abused me in every way but sexually and one thing they always cited was because of how I am. It's hard enough for me to trust people to the point where I can even call them friends. I've been homeless, I dont have a "family" family since I went NC and got emancipated. Everything I have and everything I've built for myself now is through my own choices and the strength that I only find in a hypermanic state. I've been feeling as though I've been in a hypo episode for a few months now and this has sent me lower than I've been since my cat of 19 years - who I rescued from my parents who wanted to kill her - died last year. How do I even move forward from here? If you guys need to hear the vile and abuse that she texted me I'll post it. I don't even know how to begin to respond. Do I even want to? How do I protect myself from being scolded like a child? From being punished by someone barely a year older than me for something she SHOULD be able to understand. Is she just a shitty person?
