i have been suffering from major depression since 2011 when i walked into my home to find my wife sleeping with a co worker. within the first two days my now ex wife  wrote a suicide note on my dining room table and disappeared with my 2 yr old daughter. luckily she chickened out. thing were extremely rough for the next 3 months while she went out to partys and slept with whoever. i discovered she was cheating on me prior to the co worker with upwards of 15 other men in the 6 months that we had been in san diego.she moved out and went back home to her parents, my mom came and took my daughter for 3 months back home to visit over christmas. i moved out of the house and filed for divorce. my command punished me because i opened my mouth asking for help. she began to call the command and start trouble for me, i lost all credibility, she ruined my career. the divorce took until the end of 2012. it was very messy, she refused to surrender her id and took me back to court even tho i signed that divorce agreement. throughout 2012 i struggled with depression and multiple other medical issues (visual disturbances, seizures, and a large tumor that ate its way into my skull). in feb of 2013 my daughter told me that mommy's new bf touched her inappropriately. cps never did a full investigation they called her mother and the bf but never actually went to the home. they investigated me on multiple occasions. the forensic psych who was talking to my daughter knew she was hurt but they couldn't get her to give them enough information. the court gave her back custody. at this point i was having serious health issues and the command treated me like shit because something was wrong with me. my daughter was diagnosed with ptsd at the age of 3 and went for the rest of 2013 to a child psych every week. late 2013 i was suicidal and decided i was going to kill myself, i went to a bar and got good and sloppy. some other there decided to save me i suppose if you want to call it that, i smoked pot ad that was the end of my  naval career. my ex wife wouldn't leave the guy she wouldn't even listen to me or our daughter. i admitted myself to the psych ward for homicidal ideations. she got a restraining order and the court gave her full custody.i was fucked because i saved a peice of trashes life because i dont have the right to take someone elses life. i was thrown out of the navy. my wife wont even let me talk to my daughter on the phone. she ignores the court orders and the court wont do anything about it. in short, im a piece of shit former sailor with sever disabilities and no care. im a shit bag father.i hate myself for many reasons and i want to die everyday the worst part is that suicide as much as it is seen as selfish is a luxury in my eyes, one i cant afford. i feed myself fake hope because im hopeless. im spiritually ugly, despite giving unlimited amounts of compassion to others. i have lost everything in my life and i just wish it would stop.
