This will probably be long so bear with me.Ive posted before on here and ill try to keep the backstory as short as possibleI'm 23 year old man, tall, pretty good looking, fit and I was born with HIV. My mom had AIDS when she was pregnant with me and didnt know. She died when I was 10 and Ive never recovered. Its left a gigantic hole in the heart and it has never been close to filled.Up until I graduated high school, my life was pretty good and I was very happy. I had friends, played sports, talked to lots of people, girls were interested in me even though I didnt really pursue anyone because of my HIV (we will get to that). Something happend when I went to college. Freshman year was ok and I had some friends but the whole culture of college I began to hate. I have HIV and in college the only "cool" thing to do is to go out and drink and hook up with girls and I can absolutely not be the guy going around to bars and hooking up with girls. After freshman year I transfered schools and lost all the friends I had execpt for one. Having no friends in a new school and also hating parties made it even worse and I my depression really started to kick in. I hate school, I always have, and the stresses of college are almost unbearable. I'm not going to law school or anything and I have seriously no idea how people keep good grades and have any kind of social life and work. Im so constantly broke mostly from my addiction to weed that I always use the excuse that it is "Helping my depression." Here I am after 4 years of litterally constantly being high from as soon as I wake up to when I go to bed, and im still so depressed. I know its a crutch but I cant stop. I would love to stop because I am spending 200+ bucks a fucking month to keep that up.. But having HIV is the worst part. Dating is soo incredibly hard and all I want is a girlfriend but I completely stopped talking to girls after an event sophmore year.. I dated this girl in high school but we never had sex and she invited me to a seriority formal at her school. We ended up having sex and I didnt tell her... I feel like a fucking monster for that and it absolutely haunts me almost daily. I hate myself for doing that and I could go to fucking prison if she contracted the virus, even though I dont think she did since I use a condom and still always pull out. This ramped my depression up quite a bit and like I said I competly stopped talking to girls, and most people in general. This was almost 4 years ago now and I still think about it constantly. I transfered back to the original school I went to freshman year and roomed with my now best friend and the depression seemed to lighten up alot for about a year. Then we had a falling out fight with our group of friends and lost communication with most of them. This is group of friends number 3 that I have lost in college. Things were ok though, my roommate really was my best friend so at least I could come home to him and be relatively happy. But this last december he graduated and went back to our hometown... I was devistated becuase I dont graduate until this upcoming december and I have litterally no friends after he left. That january though on the first day of class I met a girl.. She was very attractive, was a cheerleader for the school, and came onto me pretty fast. Now with HIV my parents have basically beat into my head that I cant have sex with people and I cant trust anyone either so for years everytime a girl seemed to like me I would basically just stop talking to them and avoid them until they stopped talking to me.This girl was very persistant though and for some reason I decided to let her in and see what happend. She came over and we started making out and we were about to have sex and I stopped her and told her about my HIV. To my great surprise she didnt freak out and told me that she still wanted to see me. THe next couple weeks were the best Ive had in years. She would come over alot, we had sex alot, and things (I thought) were great. However, she graduated in May and we both kinda knew that we would be over when that happend. Well since this was my first real girl and the first girl to show me any attention in years I started to really fall for her and I asked her if we could do the long distance thing. She didnt feel the same way and I was absolutely devistated. I cried everyday for 10 days straight. I couldnt eat, I lost 15 pounds during that 10 days and this was right before finals and I did horrible on my finals because I just couldnt concentrate on anything. I was a total wreck, and honestly still am. 3 weeks later she is already posting on social media of her and her new boyfriend. We never took one fucking picture together and we were "together" for almost 4 months. I was really falling for her and I thought we had something special but now I am seeing that she basically dated me out of pitty because I told her about my virus and I was nothing but her fuck buddy for her last semester. Its been almost 2 months and I am not even close to being over her and all I think about is how she is so happy with her new boyfriend (who looks exactly like me btw) and how alone I am.I came home for the first summer school session because I was to depressed to stay out in the middle of nowhere at my college. But now the time has come that I need to go back and finish and I am dreading it every day.I couldnt find work while I was back until like a week ago and I have absolutely no money and everthing seems to be stacked against me. I even got a dog the day we broke up trying to make myself feel better and he is sick, and I'm to broke to afford to go to the vet and havent even gotten his shots yet because I have no money. The worst part is I know if I didnt spend so much money on weed that I would have money to pay for that, but I still do it anyway. If something happens to him because I was to broke to take care of him properly Im going to hate myself even more.. hes all I have.. I hate school, my car is a piece of shit that is falling apart, I have no friends, no money, no girl. I feel so alone all the time. I feel so helpless all the time. I love working out and I'm in school to be a personal trainer but this depression has made it so hard to eat right and stay on a regimine and so I'm still skinny as fuck after like 5 years of lifting hard. I feel like I cant do anything.I miss her so bad but I know I never really meant anything to her and its killing me that she is happy with someone else. Ive tried getting on tinder and meeting girls but there hasnt been any real sparks. Ive even kissed a few girls but I felt nothing from it, and probaly hurt them because I dont really want to go out again. I just want a girlfriend and to be happy but I just cant. I just want my HIV to go away but the hardest thing is that there is absolutely nothing I could do about it. Not only do I have extreme amounts of anxiety because I could die at any time for no reason, I could also give this to other people, especially the girl that Im supposed to love. Im so scared that that girl I dated will come back to me and tell me she has it even though we were pretty safe. I just dont know what to do. idk why im even writing this there isnt anything any of you can do besides talk to me. You cant graduate for me, you cant make friends for me, you cant pay my bills, you cant make my HIV go away, and you cant get me a girlfriend. I know those need to be delt with by me but instead I just sit around depressed and scroll instagram and look at how great everone elses life is. I workout alot, I've tried meditation, I've tried self help books, and I started seeing a therapist that works for the school as part of my tuition. But nothing seems to work. I go through these crazy mood swings where I will feel really good and then something will happen and it will ruin the next couple days for me, especially seeing posts about that girl and her new boyfriend. Just like tonight...    
