forgive me i wrote so much and then lost it so I need to type it again. I'm so tired I dont think Im going to sleep tonight but everthing hurts so much and there aren't any emotions and I dont even have the pleasure of feeling numb Im just so empty thhis isnt even a good postI'm about to be 17 and for the first time in my life my depression is kicking my ass in ways that cant be repressed or solved by me. I'm one of the freaky smart kids bht probably not good enough to make it to MIT or anothergood school for gifted kids woth strength or loving parenrs. I feel so inadequare and my graduation is set to be on the date two years agter I attempted suicide. its so fucked up and its on Fathers day and saying it to anyone hurts me so much I just wanted to grow up as a normal kid. there are just so many things that I need help ans guidance on please bar with me Im too afraid to let myself feel anythignI live with mt parents and brother and my family is lowkey abusive and I want to move out asap but i feel obligated to stay because my dad is very, very old. he's in great condition considering his age bu t its declining. seeing him with his dozen pills and sad and confused and with his faltering knees kills me. I dont want to live or die guilty I dont feel like Im spending enough time with him and I know he tries to love me but his love is deluded by his idealization of his parents love and i thjnk he cherishes what i could be and what accomplishments i have more than myself. He gave me the cold shoulder on m 16th birthday bc i came out as queer and after scaring the shit ou t of me and threarening me and all of the people i hold dear (not really friends, just teachers)(Im pretty lonely) qnd then a week or weeks later(I cant remember my memory was sht because it was a dark time in my life) he was patting and feeling my chest much longer tha necessary to wake mee up for school one morning. it was a load lf garbage and a lot of grief but leaving and forgiving and coping just isnt that simple. I dont know what to do a couple nights ago(maybe last night?) as i was falling asleep i had a thought thagt maybe Im abusive towards my brother and its fuckign haunting me I dont know what todo about my family my mom is an older lady who nwver reqlly grew up and lacks empathy and compassion and she also tries to love ke but Im sick of her guilting me and her narcissism but Im afraid Im going to react the aame when she gets older. I just wanr to be liberated feom all of this I reallt mever asked to be born I want to live with people who love me wnd wont hurt megrowing up qas a mess and my depression was severe and I think m anxiety manifested itself as OCD(couldnt get diagnosed but not a statement im makign lightly) and I neverreally felt like i was worth anything until i made some really grade a people from a college i take classes at on the side last semester, and i really want to reconsider and reevaluate the people i call friends. recently i got a lot of people out of my life that i was never really close with.  all thats left are people wh ive met through the years, especially this one big friend group, and I cant kmagine not havinf them in my life bc I dont really have school friends and when Im with these peopl I feel great and loved but also a little ot of place and rheyre not good at communication and rarely check up on me(Im also at blame because Im afraid to reach out and ask and be overbearing or annoying) and I know being around them might be hurting me but being wround peope who love me even a couple times a year keeps me goingoutside from that Km really alone and i hate beigg reduced to ths but growing up i just learned to repress every emotion i felt and now all of my aches are either crippling heavy sadness or physical dread and I feel so stupid for not being able to get up an d live my life ad I feel like Im ruining my chances at w decent future bc I cant even fkig study and I could be great and half way done with higher education by now but I just feel invisible and a failure I just need help sorting myself out snd to feel loved and wanted. I'm just too scared to do anythinf with myself now
