I don't know if this is the right subreddit for this, but I'll try not to make this long. Here I go.My older sister (L) has run away multiple times in the past. But two years ago, she decided to make it all civil, saying she wanted to \"try life\". We warned her against it of course, for different reasons, but she wanted to go, and she was of age.Some time later, she introduced us to her \"guy friend\" (J). *timeskip* Then we invited him to church. My older brother (M) said that J was the best guy L's brought in. *timeskip* L said she wants to move back home. Something about him insulting our religion and telling L that the only way to show/consummate love is through sex. (Also, there's hints of physical/emotional abuse, and receipts that show that J used her EBT for junk. Our family doesn't condone EBT btw, but hey.)Then L shows me her (empty) diary, with an ultrasound cutout in it. L has played pregnant before, just for shits and giggles. But this was real. Just as we warned her.Fast-forward. Everybody took it somewhat in stride, although we made sure J didn't know his baby was alive. We don't want the baby going through custody battles, etc.The child (C) is now almost 2. Much of my time is taken up babysitting. Our house is under renovation, and has been for a while. So not the best place for a toddler. What's worse is, L brought bedbugs in her luggage from J's house. Extremely hard to get rid of in our situation. I'm getting to that point in my life where you're 18 and you've gotta figure out where your life is headed or sink into oblivion. But all this shit and much more is holding me back. And now, for the whole point of this.The way I see the future is like tree. Every little choice sends you down one path or another. But now I feel as though I'm in the wrong timeline. As if there's something I was supposed to be experiencing, but some malevolent time traveler intercepted me and cast me into this\u2026 abyss.  Sometimes I get so angry that I hit things. Or cut trees. But I realised that was going to get real expensive real fast. Somewhere along the line I started cutting myself. I feel like I'm split into two halves, one that's hopeful and just starting to dream again and work towards a possible future, and another that's unrelentingly negative and misanthropic. Sometimes I just switch like that. I don't know what's wrong with me, and I don't know how to ask for help. Yesterday I wanted to bury the bones of a tortoise out of sympathy (and having seen it injured and dying days before). A few minutes ago I felt like tearing out someone's larynx and watching them bleed to death. Doesn't sound like the same person, does it? 
