My parents run my life, make my decisions, and have things all planned out for meWhats up r/depression :)Im not sure where to start with this post. My name is Stan (not really) im 19, currently attending a Community college since high school was a flop and now College is turning out to not be my forte either. I never did very well in school, getting passing grades but my parents were never happy with how i was doing. Yet they always tell me im a smart kid and i need to apply myself. Before i had the luxury of being an adult, my parents did not let me go out without knowing when i was coming home, who i was with, if there were parents etc... Having an Autistic sister, i knew my parents were just trying to protect me as they do for her. But now that I've had a taste of the real world and have been doing things on my own (like driving, working, and not having to tell my parents where im going) i want to figure out my passions and things like what is my purpose on this earth. So ive been slacking much more and exploring my town and nearby cities. I feel finally free, and significantly more happy than how i was being surveyed by my parents. What am I supposed to do? Recently my mom found out that I dropped my English class and both her and my father lost it. They both acted very negatively and took it upon themselves to take the blame and say \"why are you doing this to us\" \"why do you behave this way towards us\"I do everything they tell me to do around the house (i am yelled at if i don't), I use my own time to watch my sister while my parents are at work and i don't talk back to them.I feel very conflicted because to the friends i have, they say i'm considerate, courteous and very polite, but my parents feel like I disrespect them and don't appreciate the things they've given me like the roof over my head or the food on my plate. I want to make my parents happy but not at the expense of my own happiness. Personally i do not care for school, nor do i have the motivation to do it. I just want a career that I enjoy, and that allows me to provide for a family of my own.What can i do to be happy and not throw my parents into the depression pit with meEdit: Please leave feedback, i could definitely use sound advice from any 3rd party right now and would appreciate anything 
