Hey.I am not sure where to begin. A few months ago, I was very happy with life and my day to day was awesome. I was finishing graduate school at a good university, had a girlfriend of ~3 years that I absolutely loved, and had a good job lined up in a big city. I would finish school work and then spend the nights with my girlfriend or going out with friends. Aside from some heavy loads of school work, I loved waking up and living my life.My excitement for life has, in a very abrupt manor, changed to this all-consuming cocktail of emptiness, self-pity, and regret. I know people out there have it way worse than me, but I feel sadness is a relative emotion. People may have, objectively speaking, more things to be sad about, but that doesn't necessarily mean my sorrow is less intense. Sorry if that sounded pretentious. I just wanted to get that out of the way / woe is me, lol. As many sob stories go, it started with my girlfriend breaking up with me. I had done some pretty shitty things in the past, as far as being a good boyfriend goes, and it began to eat away at my girlfriend. Our regular interactions were awesome, but there was this cancer underneath the surface that slowly killed our relationship. Our talks of marriage and having kids together, slowly turned to how I can never be trusted and how I'm a bad person. My girlfriend was my foundation. We would spend hours a day hanging out, on top of the hours a day talking to each other when we weren't with each other. I've been in relationships in the past, but none felt remotely as awesome as this one. For a lack of a better description, we completed each other and it felt amazing. I fucked it all up and am almost certain that I will never love anybody the way I loved her. Stupid, terrible, decisions that I made in the past, before I actually realized how much I loved her, came to haunt our relationship and tear it apart. I regretted my bad decisions when they happened, but now that it's all over, the regret that I feel has grown to physically-unsettling levels. I replay every mistake that I made, and daydream about how differently things could have turned out. I wake up to this uneasiness, go to bed with it, and have nightmares about it. I hate myself for hurting her and ruining our relationship.Sort of a side note, but on top of the emotional connection we had, there was an insane sexual connection. 3 years into our relationship and we were still fucking like high schoolers doing it for the first time, less the inexperience. I've been with an okay amount of partners, but the kind of chemistry we had felt like a once in a life time ordeal. An exacerbating, albeit very shallow, factor, is that she was objectively way more attractive than me, lol. I would regularly get fist bumps or confused looks when guys would approach her to buy her a drink and she would say that she was there with me, her boyfriend. Despite my lack of looking like *insert super attractive male*, she loved every bit of me and never passed judgement. She was beautiful on the outside and even more beautiful on the inside. I didn't deserve her. But now that I was with her for as long as I was, she has left some crazy big shoes to fill. It's intimidating and disheartening to think that nobody I date will be able to fill her shoes / I fear I won't appreciate potential s.o.'s as much as I should. I am currently in a 4 month limbo period between having graduated and starting work. During this break, I am supposed to be studying for the CPA exam. The CPA prep course recommends that I study around 6 hours a day if I want to finish the exam in a timely manner. Having to study for the cpa exam in and of itself isn't the most fun thing, but couple that with the constant pit in my stomach from my break up and never-ending thoughts of my ex, it's fucking impossible. I wake up every day with nothing but CPA prep to do. CPA material is the most mundane subject matter. I literally can't focus for more than 20 seconds without feeling sorry for myself about how I fucked up my relationship / wondering what my ex is doing. I'm supposed to study for 6 hours, every day, for the next 4 months. It seems like an impossible task with this self-imposed handicap. I honestly can't picture myself getting through all the material with the emotions that I'm feeling right now. The fact that passing the cpa exam is a time-sensitive and very critical task makes this already insurmountable mountain that much bigger. I also have a good amount of student loans, which isn't the problem per se. My parents are very particular about my physical appearance. I used to be skinny/in shape, but have since gained a good amount of weight. My parents have offered me a crazy deal, which I am very grateful for, where they would pay off a huge chunk of my student loans if I can lose 30 pounds by the end of July. I'm well on my way. I have been dieting and exercising like I've never done before / lost a good amount of weight. However, the diet and exercising has some major emotional/social draw backs. I've always enjoyed eating good food and getting drunk with my friends. That's what made me fat in the first place. However, with this deal in play, I can't utilize food or alcohol to take the edge off of all the things that I'm trying to deal with. I've cut out junk food and drink 1/10th the amount I used to. I'm not going to pass on this crazy offer, but the comfort of eating good food and drinking with my friends is no longer accessible. I have access to various drugs via various means, but I really am trying to avoid such routes. I don't want to create a addiction during this low point in my life. All my hobbies/past time activities no longer interest me.My issues may seem petty, but the culmination of them make getting out of bed every day really fucking hard, lol. I am grateful to have not faced too many hardships in life, *knock on wood*, but the lack of hardships has left me woefully unprepared to cope with my current situation. I have always been the type of person to find the easiest way out of things. There doesn't seem to be a path of least resistance here. I'm not sure if I want advice or just wanted to air my frustrations. Tl;dr: idk.  
