I was on my way to college on my motorbike going normally, got hit by a car which was taking a wrong turn at high speed. I don't remember what happened, but according to people and photos when the car hit me, I went flying and hit my head on the windshield which shattered, thankfully I was wearing my helmet. This was around 3 years ago. The bleeding in my brain seemed to have healed at first, but then after a gap of around 2 years it restarted out of nowhere. This might be due to another head injury I later sustained during a pretty traumatising life event which I don't want to elaborate on. I have to do CT scans every 4 months or so to see if it's getting any worse, I'm on medication and my neuro says things COULD get way worse  but he thinks it's ok for now. Blah. The TBI itself sucks, I feel like a shade of the person I used to be, my memory used to be nearby flawless and now it sucks and I have trouble remembering what day it is or what I even did yesterday, or a few hours ago. I can't even write or draw or sketch or even talk properly anymore. On top of all that I have ALWAYS been a depressed person which the TBI only escalated. I have other conditions on top of all this. I'm an only child without any siblings and my parents are older than most parents are, so I take care of them despite the fact that they have always wanted to control my life and are still trying to do the same.  I have a lot of responsibilities on me. Most of my extended family consists of douchebags who only want to fuck with  me and my good relatives. I  have no life of my own. I find no joy or happiness in anything. I would say I wish I had friends and I wish I was partying all the time or enjoying  life in other ways like most people my age do,  but I've always been quite introverted and reserved. So no social life for me. Oh, and for some reason I always help people out and get fucked over. I know this sounds like a word salad or randomly spewed thoughts, but I'm a person who very rarely vents like this. So there. /Rant  
