This is going to be a long rant post, because I have nobody I can talk to about this and nobody who will listen or understand, so im sorry if it gets convoluted.Right now im an emotional/physical mess. I have been for many years. I used to be outgoing and fun when I was younger, to the point of being a class troublemaker for talking too much. I was like that for a long time, up until I was about 14. Im not sure if I was actually outgoing or just something I did to cope with being a shy person.When i was 13, I fell in \"love\" with a girl I was friends with, and became pretty intense about it. It took a lot of internal struggling to get to the point where I would express my interest in this girl, but when I did she laughed. She didnt just laugh, everyone laughed. Everyone made fun of me for months. Teachers made fun of me, everyone. I was ostracized.I was crushed. Something inside me changed that day and I wish it hadn't.It turned me into a hateful, distrustful person. I lost my entire group of friends (not their fault, I just didn't trust them to not betray me), and became more or less a loner until.I stopped doing sports, I stopped going outside, I started to analyze every single thing I said throughout every single day and beat myself up over it. I still do. I still hate myself for not saying the right thing when I could have, I still imagine people laughing at me after I leave because of how stupid I must seem. I just didn't want to be hurt again, and did (do) everything in my power to stop that.I don't go out, I don't socialize, I don't do anything. I just shut down. If people ask, I tell them I play videogames, but I don't. I just sit and think about how stupid I have been and wish I would wake up from life, like it was a bad dream.High school played out much like this. I hated everyone and everything around me. I didn't trust anyone, and refuse to let people get close to me, even though I know how stupid it is. I went to class, went home, and turned off, repeat for 4 years.To this day, I still am broken. I don't know why, it was something stupid. I feel incredibly weak for something so small effectively ruining my life, but I don't know what to do to stop it.I literally hate women, I don't trust anyone and lie about everything I do in an attempt to appear normal,  I haven't had a friend for 8+ years apart from some casual online talking. I don't know why, I don't want it to be like this, i want to be normal. But I can't, I don't know how to stop.Physically I'm a wreck now. I've gained like 20lbs because of not really doing anything besides necessities (work really) and being too apathetic to care about my own health. Sometimes I fantasize about the hope that being unhealthy will kill me.I have a girlfriend now, and while I do feel that I love her, I still refuse to open up to her. I don't know why. I just can't. I feel like she doesn't even know who I really am. I am in a relationship, yet I still wont talk to her about how I feel or anything.That's all I feel like typing for now, thank you for being an avenue to vent and make the day a little less dark. 
