Hey gang, never posted here but I'm hoping getting how I'm feeling down in words might help...I feel stuck. I know I need to move forward but I can't seem to do it.I'm a 24 year old college dropout and I've been working at a call centre for the past 6 months or so now. Hate it here but dunno what else to do, &amp; all my mates here have recently left/been fired. Before I got this job I got fired from my last job about a year ago, and spent a good 6 months doing nothing except getting high, living at my parent's house and feeling sorry for myself. I can see myself at risk at falling into that abyss again. I know that things get moving when I take action but I dunno what action to take since I feel like I missed a window of opportunity a few months back.I was seeing a girl for a few months and things were cool, I was beginning to get motivated to get my shit together, stopped smoking weed everyday, started exercising, finally moved out...Anyway I moved out, she dumped me (fair enough coz I was depressed and probably not much fun to be around), &amp; I took it worse than expected, probably coz I don't feel like I'm in a great place in life and it just made that more obvious. I started seeing a counsellor for the first time ever but his basic advice is to listen to myself which I feel like I've forgotten how to do. Wasn't really enjoying my new houseshare (was with strangers), impulsively decided to leave it and move into a new place, but that ended up being a crack den, so by that mistake I fucked up and had to move back to my parents place. So now it's April, I was like fuck everything I'm going to spain to walk the camino santiago pilgrimage, but I basically chickened out and I'm still living at home with my parents, slowly falling back into old habits and generally feeling sorry for myself. I'm a musician and I'd managed to make a bunch of new friends out of this whole situation, and I know I just want to make music, but I'm in a band with my best mates and we can't seem to get on the same page about where we wanna take it. I'm reluctant to make music on my own but basically I just wanna make a decision but can't fucking seem to do it and now I'm paying for it, things inevitably are moving on and I can feel myself getting left behind.So now I'm fucking stuck, scared to quit and come back and have no job prospects &amp; living with my parents, missed my chance to enroll @ uni mid year, (dunno what I want to study anyway) missed my chance to go to Spain @ prime time (can still go September or July I guess), and about to enter a cold dark winter. ShiiiiiitI have $30k in the bank but a head full of fear. I just feel like a bitch. I know that most people probably look at/hear about where I'm at and think I have nothing to complain about but I really would appreciate some advice from people who don't know me about some options which I may have not considered.TLDR; didn't live in the moment, stuck in indecision, missed opportunities, getting depressed, dunno how to move forward, advice pls 
