I used to be quite introverted and self conscious as a kid during school. Although I did have 2-3 friends and we'd hang out once in a while and actually do stuff. After high school, I lost those friends. One moved away and the other wasn't really a friend after all. I still hung out with one acquaintance on weekends here and there riding motocross. But due to me losing interest in the sport I also lost connection with that person. For about 1 year now I've had basically no friends what so ever. But I replaced my free time that should be spent with friends with working out. I made some progress and my posture got a lot better so that really boosted my confidence. For about 1 month now I got invited to come hang out with a new group of people. They are nice and there are even some girls which is great because I don't have a lot of girls in my life. I get accepted but I'm still not fully part of the squad. I feel like they aren't my friends because have nothing in common with them, yet it's still feels nice to be able to see some people and get invited  to some events. I guess I shouldn't complain now, I did go camping last weekend with the new group. But I texted them this week and no replies... Not even from the guy who invited me, who is kind of a \"buddy\". I feel pretty sad about that, very lonley. I know I'm not a very loud individual so I guess people just find me to boring to hang out with. But I do enjoy gettin out and actually doing things. I really like sports like skiing, surfing, cliff jumping, hiking. Or activities like bungee jumping or skydiving, drifting cars in the winter but I rarely get to do those kinds of things because no one around me likes to do that. I would love to find people to go do those things. One of my closest relatives is coming in a month from now and we are going on a 2 week road trip together. It will be fun and I'm very excited for it. He also loves to do extreme things so we have the same interests. But I feel like I'm looking forward to that trip too much. Instead I should be focusing on \"now\" and living in the present. But I have no one to live in the present with, no girlfriend either. I believe I'm still going places in life. I have a career path which I'm half way done to completing. I also want to travel around one day. And I believe I will find a girlfriend one day :) But again, I'm not living in the present just daydreaming like this. So therefore I'm writing this first post of mine. I'm not depressed or suicidal but I do feel really lonely.I don't know if anyone will actually read through all those paragraphs but I really don't have much els to do right now, so I thought I would just vent my life out to you.  
