I'm a male (22). I'm usually very energetic and joyful but lately I've been feeling out in the dump, kinda obvious already since I'm posting on the depression subreddit.Its hard to describe my emotions ever sinced i lost the previous place i called home and currently living with my mom. I don't know weither to be angry or sad, Perhaps its a mixture of both i don't know. Sure I'm closer to the city which is closer to my job, gym, and college also I live much closer to good friends whom i meet twice a week for some good old fashion DnD or just keeping each other company. But some reason my health is suddenly declining as i find myself gaining more weight and blinge eating, blood pressure rising and droping from 140 - 80, and my breathing is abnormally loud. I went to a doctor already and I've been prescribes some pills to lower my blood pressure. Sure that may help my physical health but hearing this news just compromises my mental and emotional state.I sense there is alot of regret inside of me still not being able to let go the past which i thought I've had. All my \"current\" good friends don't know my history and what it took to do what I've decided to make of it. They also don't know my bad health either. So in short i also feel a bit trap inside with the claws of regret pulling me into the abyss with them.Nobody knows im going through a phyiscal, emotional, and mental distress. They all assuming im just happy little ol'e me smiling which i try to do so those around me feel better about their own problems but sometimes i wish i can talk to somebody with my own messed up issues. I used to have somebody like that but she would always called me stupid, i no longer talk to her and dont plan to soon. Here i go ranting off again...I'm sorry about my grammar, im trying a new method of writing somebody suggested me to do to make feel better which is not stopping and write whatever word comes out of your head.I'm not looking for solutions but any advice is much appreciate. I am only after for somebody to listen to me rant once in awhile because sometimes a person just needs that every now and then. 
