I feel so sick and I've been crying all day. the thought hit me that no one actually gives a fuck about my depression. Not my friends and not my family. I've tried opening up about my depression before and its just blown up in my face every time. At first my friends and family seemed legitimately concerned but it feels like over time my depressions become more of a joke to everyone or its super easy for them to dismiss it. "You shouldnt be so sad or you're going to become Eeyore." or "Other people have it worse. You're just having a bad day."  My family thinks I just havent phased out of my angsty teenage attitude but Im almost fucking 22. I was suicidal in my teens and thats what they chalked it up to; angsty teenage hormones, definitely not that I wanted to die because I felt like an outsider to this world or good enough for anyone or anything and that i was being bullied at school.  I already know being around them is toxic to me.  If I could move out I would. I don't want to die now so much as just sleep forever. At least in my dreams I could be happier than in my reality. I trusted my friends with my emotions and they seemed to care a lot more than my family at first. But over time they've slowly begun to dismiss it. So I'm wondering if they really were my friends at all. I've never been good at making friends but I'm good at losing them or driving them away. In middle school the girls i hung out with were the ones who started bullying me. what they did was build up my trust enough to get close to me by being nice and accepting the new girl into their clique and around the end of the year when i found out i wasnt going to go to the next grade they did a complete 180 and tore me to shreds. They called me fat ugly and stupid because I wasnt advancing to the next grade. They sent me all sorts of messages about that through myspace and left comments everywhere I posted.  That has stayed with me since and I have severe trust issues and anxiety as a result. It was also when I tasted depression for the first time and began to crave death. I truly felt like garbage and thought I would never be good enough for anyone the way I was. I didnt want to grow up and live to be such a big disappointment to everyone. No man out there would love me. From the first time I meet someone I automatically believe they're just going to rip me apart again when they get the chance. Or that I'll only be useful for certain things to them and be discarded when my usefulness runs out.  I just want one day where everyone i love so much just proves they dont actually hate me and they do care and they love me and that my feelings arent a joke. It hurts so much.
