Is anybody else at this point yet - therapy just to keep the noose at bay?"You're going to need treatment for your whole life - maintenance treatment"I suspected this going into treatment and it has been confirmed by the therapists and psychiatrists I have seen. They say it with zero hesitation or doubt whatsoever; it's an immutable fact as obvious as the sky being blue. I have been depressed since (at least) age 10 and have been suicidal since age 12. I am "happy" maybe 1 month out of the year when you sum the scattered days. This isn't an "episode" of depression. There is no cure. There is only maintenance.But just what am I "maintaining"?With treatment, am I maintaining: a) happiness, b) contentedness, or c) simply baseline misery?Option (a) has always seemed like a pipe dream; I never even considered it. When I began treatment, I aimed rather confidently for (b).Now I'm down to (c). Right now, the primary purpose of treatment is to prevent me from committing suicide before my parents die. A secondary aim is to minimize how shitty the next decades will be while I wait. However, while I wait - desperately wishing for a bus to come and do the job for me - I am finding it very difficult to give much of a shit about doing the things that are necessary to get me from point A (23) to point B (suicide at ~40) without checking out prematurely.1. Why shouldn't I drink myself to sleep? I only need my liver to last to 50, maybe. 2. Do I even need savings? I'm not reaching retirement. BLOW ALL THE $$$!3. Why date? I see no point in a LTR if I want to die as soon as humanly possible. Hurting friends and family is the exact OPPOSITE of what I am aiming for by waiting. 4. In fact, why should I invest in friendships at all? Isn't that a bit cruel? 5. Exercise? No one is looking at this body, and it's going to be pushing daisies before exercise's benefits for longevity even matter.6. I've always wanted to try heroin and cocaine. Maybe I can try them during the last few years of my parents' lives.      "Honey, your father is getting a triple bypass"     "Sweet!" **pushes down plunger on the syringe of speedball**
