I don't know if anyone remembers me or not.  All of my family except my father died in a car accident almost a year ago now.  Reddit helped me for a week, maybe two.https://reddit.com/r/depression/comments/4frtqw/three_seconds_have_ruined_my_life/But I can't stop "being depressed."  People are beginning to move on but I'm still stuck in the past.  I can't help but stop and ask why it happened--why my family deserved to die like they did.I wasn't prepared for was the crash, both literally and figuratively.  Everyday something reminds me of my family.  I can't stop thinking about them.  I keep reliving what must have happened in their last moments.  Despite all of this, things were looking up.  I found myself almost happy for once in a long time.  I found someone that I loved.  She loved me as well.  I had her to talk to, to open up to, and to care for.  I must have forgotten that I'm not meant to be happy.  I must have forgotten that my life is one big shit-show with only brief sprays of air freshener.  She killed herself this weekend.  I found out yesterday, Tuesday.  But part of me already knew.  When I saw the grief counseling at our school again I knew that she had bit it.  I wasn't surprised, I wasn't even angry.  I was tired.  I'm tired of fighting this never ending battle with happiness.  I've cried so much today that it hurts to breathe.  I don't know why all of this shit's happening to me. I just want to see her again.  I just want to run my finger along her back one more time.  I long to feel her sink into my chest one more time as she falls asleep.  I want to be able to sit and watch her stomach and chest gracefully expand and contract with her gentle breathing.  I know it won't happen again.  Nothing good ever happens to me and I don't understand why.  I do understand the fight though.  I understand that I simply can't win this war.  Why bother?Who am I even fighting for?  I'm not even sure that my dad would care if I just kicked the bucket tonight.  I found someone that I could have seen being with for the rest of my life, and now she's been ripped away from me--just like everything else that is worth living for.  Why can't I just bring myself to end it all?
