I'm currently 17, living with my mom, stepdad, and younger sister. My mom texted me today while I was at school and told me she had set up an appointment with a new therapist for tomorrow at around noon. I told her that the time wouldn't work because I had important stuff going on at school during that time, which she refused to care about. We had a short argument over text and I thought that was the last of it.I come home later and she asks me to sit on the couch, so I do. She asked me what was going on and I told her about the important things (It's close to the end of the school year, most of my classes are working on large projects and I happen to be presenting one tomorrow). I eventually get fed up of her insisting that I have to go, so I get up and go outside for some fresh air. I then see her walk over to my backpack and take out my computer. This is a computer I need for schoolwork and paid for with my own money several years ago. I come back in and tell her I want my computer back, and she says something along the lines of \"If you quit being a shithead you can have it back\" and then demands my phone. I refuse and she reaches into my pocket (the one without the phone) and tries to retrieve it. I push her hand away and tell her she can't have it and to stop touching me.Things kept escalating to the point that I was sitting down, she was standing across a table from me, and I am telling her, through tears, that I don't feel ready to get treatment at this point in my life. After bickering for some time, she absolutely flips her shit. She brings my computer back, essentially throwing it at me, and yells at me dropping f-bombs left and right. She eventually storms away to her room, with her last words being \"Fuck you, datorer.\" She then took her car and drove off, answering \"out\" when I asked where she was going.I am at a complete loss as to what to do now. I have a friend who's cool with me crashing at his house for the night, but I doubt that would really solve anything. Plus, my mom will still be insistent that I have to start getting treatment right away, even though I've seen numerous shrinks in the past to no avail. It's hard to describe, but I honestly do not feel ready for treatment and she refuses to respect that in any way.Sorry for the wall of text, I'm just really upset and needed to vent. 
