I'm a 16-year-old girl, my mother passed away last august due to colon cancer. She was diagnosed when I was 13 almost 14. Her fight didn't last long, a year and a half. She died the day before her birthday, Prior to her last words to me was that she was dying and both my sister and I had to live with our dad for now on. Her death has been hard, we (my sister and I) had to live with our grandma for two months. Our grandma was a horrible person for reasons I won't get into. Now we live with our cousin  and visit our dad a few days out of the week. It's been almost a year and I have weird days where I am just angry for no reason, I don't know why I'm angry, but some days I don't want to get out of bed or feel like working out, which is my happy place, and now seems like a bother. Sometimes I have good days, I'll be okay and be able to smile and laugh. Most of the time my bad days take over my good ones. I always want to be alone, I hate talking to people, my anxiety has gotten worse, not only is it hard for me to talk to people but sometimes I feel like I can't. I want nothing more than to just be alone every day and not have to leave the house. I was held back a grade, that hasn't been easy to deal with. Since my mother's cancer, we hardly attended school. After my mom died my family put me in a virtual school. ( I've always been homeschooled) They thought I needed to be put back a grade. I hate the fact that I was held back, it's embarrassing, whenever  someone asks about my school I lie and tell them I'm in the tenth grade. My sister and I fight about the way I act. She tells me I have ''resting bitch face'' and that I ruin everything. I don't talk about my depression with her because she just tells me that she also has depression and I don't see her acting the way I do, get over it, or she blows it off. Since the way my sister treats me when I try to open up I just keep everything to myself. I'm in an all-time low in my life, I can't see myself anywhere in the future, I don't want to do anything, I don't have any goals or dreams anymore, I really just want to die, I've never had this burning desire  before. I feel like no one would miss me if I left. My sister always tells me she'll love her animals more than anyone else, how annoying I am to be around, and how she hates spending time with me. She told me that she is tired of covering for me whenever people ask what's wrong with me and I'm on my own for now on.I really want advice. I don't want to be this way and I want to find a reason to live, I want to continue with school and focus on it, I want to find where I am most happy but with how I am, I just want to end it.Thanks for reading, sorry if it's long. 
