I'm not trying to get attention, or asking you to read all of this. I just want there to be a record somewhere if I make a final decision. I know I'll never write a note if I make the decision, as it'll be made, most likely, on a whim. I suppose, I want people to be able to know "why", if anyone decides that they want to know. Who knows, maybe somebody on here will be able to help me, too. That's why I'm posting on this subreddit. Maybe someone can give me a reason to want to continue, to not give up. I certainly can't think of anything anymore. Some of this is my own thoughts/self-reflections, other bits are traits and decisions I've made pointed out by my counselor. These are the highlights/main points of my life, but there is much more to it as well.I've always been a very lonely person. I think I remember a time when I could connect with people, when I cared about others; but it was a long time ago. In my early childhood, my step father started abusing my mother/siblings. He had always had anger management problems, but when he hurt his back working, it just got that much worse since he was always in pain. For some reason he would always try to avoid laying hands on me. I'm not sure why; maybe I unnerved him, or something. I've always been described as a "cold" or distant person, even when young. According to my counselor, around this time is when I "messed up", so to speak. I would always try to protect my family, when things got too bad. For some reason, if I stepped in (even as a young kid), my step dad would always stop whatever he was doing. However, it was usually only temporary, enough so he could calm down some before starting, just not as bad as before.As the years wore on, I separated myself from my family. It was my own way to "cope". The reason my counselor says I messed up, however, is because I separated myself from everyone. Instead of caring about my mother/siblings, I just saw stopping my step dad as another chore. Just a part of life. So, 3-4 times a week I would just watch as he would push, scream at, and verbally tear down the rest of my family. I would only intervene if he raised in his hands at them. He did turn on me a few times, usually pinning/screaming at me, some shoving once I got older. He only hit me once, and I called the cops on him; he never did it again.After separating myself from my family, and no longer caring, it was natural for me to do the same with other kids. My teachers would contact my parents, and tried to get them to sign me up for counseling multiple times in my childhood. However, my mother was very paranoid/anti-establishment. She had a slew of mental illnesses, including agoraphobia, bipolar disorder, depression, and very minor schizophrenia. She had medicine, but would self-medicate on days she felt like it, and skip when she didn't want to do it. As I aged, I also had to play "counselor" to my mothers' delusions and paranoia, including wondering whether or not my step dad was cheating on her and if I thought she was a good mother, so on and so forth. I was around eleven at this point in time. Naturally, during all of this I withdrew even further. I was at the point that when close family members died, people who I had grown up with (grandfather I had spent every weekend at for years), it didn't even phase me. I was the one to tell my step dad that his dad died, and I was very blunt about it; probably to the point of being cruel. He took it out on the rest of my family. That didn't bother me. . . but today, the fact that it didn't bother me, does bother me.This went on for years. It was life for me. Playing mediator when needed, playing counselor when needed, and just watching the rest of the time. I was. . . lonely. I didn't have any friends, and didn't want any. People were different than me. I never felt happy, sad, angry, anything. I was just there. A few teachers noticed, and tried to bring it up, but my parents never listened. To everyone else, I was just an unfailingly polite and quiet little boy, and they were happy with that.When I was 16, I met a girl. We started carpooling from work together, and quickly became best friends. I'm still not sure what it was, or why it happened, but we clicked. I did, and still do, care for her greatly. In my whole life, she's the only person I can even say I cared for the smallest amount, and can recall it. We hung out for years, then eventually started dating. Finally, I turned 18. I desperately wanted to get away, and the girl I was with was very pro-military, so it sounded like a good idea. I also decided to marry this girl, and we did. I don't regret it, it was an interesting experience. Most importantly, it got me away from the area I grew up in. Away from the people. The memories. Everything.A few years in, I was diagnosed with a near-benign tumor. It was doing some damage, but was relatively harmless; just in the way. However, it kept recurring. I spent the next two years getting four knee surgeries, to eventually get medically discharged from the military. When making our plans for what to do, I finally followed what my wife wanted to do, and that was to move closer to our families back home. She had a very positive relationship with her family, after all.Now, my wife was my life. At this point, I still haven't connected with anyone. Aside from school, she was the only thing I had that was "mine", something I could be proud of. A family of my own, maybe I could be somebody, and live for myself. We were much closer to home than I was comfortable with, but that was okay; I still had her, and we were continuing our lives in school. Fast forward 6 months, I realize my wife has a crush on a guy at school. That's fine, a crush is a crush. People get over them, and giggle about them during the months that they're happening. Whatever. But, she starts going out with him more. Spending time together, doing whatever. Finally, the last straw is my birthday; about four months ago. She and the guy are very close, much more than I am comfortable with.That day, she has a school event she has to go to, the guy is with her. Then, they go swimming together. Then, they go to the mall together. Then get something to eat. By the time she gets home, it's 5pm and I haven't heard from her all day. The "present" she got me was something I specifically told her I didn't want a week before. The one thing I wanted to do, which was what we always did on my birthday, she had done with him; go out to get something to eat. She blamed it on me, saying that it was okay for her to assume that, because I'm not big into holidays/birthdays, and that she knew I wouldn't care. That was when I realized my marriage was over.Stupidly, however, I didn't break up with her when I realized it was over. In reality, I was terrified of being alone again. I didn't even realize it, but I had actually fought off my loneliness years ago with her. She gave me something to live for besides the duties in my family, it was a real connection with somebody that I cared for. A real friend. I didn't want to go back. So, I stayed with her, and we "tried" to fix it. A week later, when I found out they'd been "sexting" each other for awhile now, I tried to break up with her. She swore to cut off contact, and pulled me back in. A week later, when I found out they were hanging out again, I asked her why we were doing this, and said I wanted to break up. She blamed me and we somehow didn't break up. I barely remember these weeks at this point. A few days later, I found out they had been flirting again, and he had been sending her some suggestive texts. I'm not sure if they were actually "sexting" again, because I didn't want to know. I texted her saying we were done. She said she just wanted some time to herself to figure things out, then we should try again, so I should find a hotel for a few days.Now, I know I was weak and stupid. I never really thought it would work out; I even knew I wouldn't ever forgive her. I just ignored it, and allowed myself to reconnect each time. Because even though it hurt, much more than I ever imagined, it wasn't as daunting as my fear of being alone was. Finally, it became enough. Hell, I had to "trick" her into letting me break up with her. By this point, she really did have me wrapped around her finger. I honestly couldn't break up with her, as it was. She still hadn't done anything physical with him, though I knew it was coming. So, I went home for the weekend. For the first time in years, I went back to the place I was running from, that I hated.During my stay, my only goal was to end the one relationship that I've ever really cherished. I gave her the okay to hang out with him, saying I trusted her to be friends. I waited a day, and sure enough by the end of the day she was being distant with me and would make the occasional side comment about him. So I brought up breaking up again, once we had been apart for a day (so she wouldn't feel guilty when seeing me) and having had her spend the day with him (so she would be thinking of him), and she accepted. I spent the next few days visiting people I'd rather never see again in my life, and seeing areas/memories that I had ignored for years. All the while, knowing my wife was with someone else. It was by far the worst day of my life.Throughout these months of us being off and on, she has destroyed any self-esteem I previously had. From telling me she's not attracted to me, telling me she can't be proud of who I am (the guy she's dating is graduating, I'm just starting), to even telling me that she doesn't think she loved me; just used me to get away from the hometown she disliked as well. Despite everything, I had never had even remotely poor self-esteem. In just a few short weeks, she absolutely ruined that.This all leads to know. I've spent the last two months absolutely alone, and it's been awful. It's far worse than I ever remembered, and I don't see any hope. I feel empty. I feel like there is this vast gulf of empty space between me and everyone else. Even inanimate things. I don't know how to describe it, but it feels like everything is almost surreal, and I'm just drifting along, alone and. . . well, just empty. For some reason, now all of the things that happened in the past, my childhood, are coming out to bother me. I'd never cared before, so why now? I can't sleep without having nightmares about all of it. If I don't have nightmares, I dream pleasant dreams of me and my wife; only to wake up alone. For the past couple months, I haven't slept more than five hours in a day.My only current means of dealing with any of this is through self-harm. I cut myself a few times off and on when I was younger, because it let me feel something. Now, it worries me how much I do it. I can't make it a single day without, because if I don't have the distraction, the silence becomes so loud. The gulf between me and everything expands until I do something, and the pain re-centers me, and straightens the universe back out for me.I love my wife. I love her desperately, and want to see her succeed. I want to see her happy, with a loving family, getting everything she's ever wanted. At the same time, I hate her. I hate her more than I've ever hated another living person. I want her to suffer and fail, I want her to go through what I have and come out the "normal" that she wants. And I hate myself for hating her, because I love her. I have so many conflicting emotions, and so many new emotions, that I feel like I'm being torn to pieces by them.I live in a town I don't like, which is far to close to a town I hate. I have nobody, and I know nobody. I have no clue what I want to do for the future, and though I enjoy the thought of teaching (my current major), I'm not sure it will be "fulfilling" for me, at least enough to be my life long career. I don't have any real social skills, because I've never needed them. I'm not awkward or weird, just polite and distant; maybe a little cold. No matter how hard I try, I can't seem to feel "warm" towards people, to try and be their friends. Aside from my one meeting with my counselor, I haven't spoken to another person in almost two months. Both of my summer classes are online, so I'm not going to see anyone consistently until September. I'm not sure how long I can make it. I know that I don't want to die. But, I can also say with absolute certainty, that I don't want to live either.
