Just coming out of finding out that one of my crushes from HS (who I've never seemed to get close to) got married...This isn't news to me. I think a couple years back another crush I had, who seemed like she actually did care about me, got pregnant last time I saw her.A crush I saw two days ago...we had a bad fall out...I tried to get to know her...she was being fake...she was at her job performing her usual fake smiles and such but I didn't want to start a conversation or conformation with her. I don't want to ruin her life...I just wish I never met her.I'm still in pain. 12 years ago...my last ex...back when I was underaged (as was she), she broke up with me and dated a pedofile. I didn't agree with this because...law. However, everybody thought I was just jealous of him...jealous of a pedofile. I was the monster in people's eyes...and not the pedofile...how am I supposed to process things? It's like if I give pedofiles a pass for their disgusting acts than i'm just as much of a monster as they are but if I disagree with what pedofiles do than i'm jealous of them. Damned if I do, damned if I don't.Is it bad that I hate pedofiles? People's actions towards me shows me that i'm wrong in my judgement....I'm still scarred by this event ya know....she would come to my house to ask me to watch her and her pedofile boyfriend make out and stuff which is fucking disgusting.Before her I was getting treated like complete shit by women. Females students my age want to make fun of me. They wanted to get other people to make fun of me. They wanted to get people to jump me...Older females (the mothers of these girls saw me as ugly. Told me I was ugly. Made fun of me as well themselves). Yet if I forget to hold open the door once for any of them...they would bitch and complain. If a King, or a Queen, attacks one of their Knights, do you expect that Knight to protect that King, or Queen, or is that Knight going to rebel?Everybody just tells me to "get over it" which only makes it worse and by everybody i'm including my own family members...immediate family. I can't trust anyone. It seems like everyone's out to get me. Everyone. This event and people's response to it completely destroyed my self confidence. I would love to have a girlfriend...one that shows me that women are not as bad as my experiences with them influences me to believe ya know.However, women find me disgusting. Everything about me, from my respect for them to my sex drive (which is a normal heterosexual male sex drive).I've been used and disrespected by women so many times...but for some strange reason I still love them.I don't know. I think I just want to end it all.
