A bit of backstory, I have depression and social anxiety, and my mom claims to have depression and anxiety. Which she might, I dont know. But she uses it as an excuse to patronize me and make my feelings feel invalid. She caught me smoking marijuana a few months back, tested me once, and got pissed I still came back positive. I know that was out of love or just being worried. But she seems to love putting me down. She also stole $200 that I earned at a past job from me so I couldn't buy marijuana, which I honestly had set aside for a new phone and for my school food since my mom makes me pay for that too. Im prescribed ssris because two years back, I started on prozac, i tried to kill myself, they doubled the dose, made me worse, now im prescribed zoloft which does nothing but make me withdraw so I dont take it. My mother and I have always disagreed. Shes threatened to beat me a few times, but has never done much more than hit me a few times over the past few years. My dad and her have 50/50 custody, but my dad pays child support since she was single income when they divorced. Now she probably makes double what he does, and shes married to my stepdad who makes even more. He also has grade school kids. My dad doesnt have much power, so to live with him full time my mom would have to agree with it. My dad buys us 90% of our food, clothes, etc. Even when my mom pays for things, it's usually a 35%mom/75%dad split. It drives me crazy because my mom literally feeds us nothing but frozen pizza or frozen chicken nuggets. I dont mean to sound spoiled, but my dad feeds us a lot better and still has to write a check to my mom. I feel like she's using me and pocketing the money. She has like 5 hdtvs, and one like 60in hdtv, along with an ipad, an iphone, a bluray player, a ps3, etc. Like she says money doeent grow on trees. Shes a banker too so she should understand how budgeting works. Today my mom said im gonna be a loser if I dont get a job, because I said she couldnt force me to. She kept asking me what time I got up, and im like it's the second day of sunmer break ofc im gonna sleep in until 12. She even said "you just dont have any motivation to do anything" to which I responded, "do you not understand thats a word for word symptom of depression?" The more she tries to force me, the less I want to get a job. The only reason she wants me to get a job is so she can steal more money from me. $200 wasnt enough. I also seem to remember her telling me that when she wanted to get a job as a teenager, my grandpa told her that she'd work all her life. Her parenting style has become nothing but putting me down. Im sorry if this is long winded, but thank you for reading it. This is becoming a daily thing and I dont know what to do anymore. EDIT 1:Hi, OP here, just thought I'd mention that I do go to a therapist, trying to find a new one because all thr current one does is preach positive breathing ttechniques, even stating that she thinks things will resolve themselves over the summer. My dad is very understanding, he recently got married and his wife suffers a lot with anxiety so she's been very understanding and supportive of me, along with being able to explain things to my dad. I have no problem working, I just don't want to let my mom win when shes trying to force me into a job. I'm 16 1/2, she says I need to get my license and pay for gas and my car insurance but she wont take me out driving until I drug test negative, even though I haven't touched anything for a month.Also, after my mom caught me smoking marijuana, she told me that if I wanted to try alcohol to come to her. I tested her, and she poured a shot glass worth of vodka into lemonade and let me drink it. The irony hurts me. 
