I'm tired of everything.I'm tired of trying. I'm in school, again. I went to a junior college after high school, spent a couple years there trying to figure out what I wanted to do. I eventually transferred to a university but got kicked out after a year because of grades. I worked for a little while then went back to a junior college to get certified in something.But now I'm not doing what I went back to school for. The friends I made are going on to do better things and I'm stuck. I had a good paying job for almost a year but got fired.I'm in school again so I can improve my grades and transfer again but I'm trying to figure out if there's a point to it. I'm a failure. My stress and anxiety got bad during this past semester and I ended up dropping 2 classes and failing 2 (out of the 3 left). I can retake them but still.I'm having trouble finding a new job. I was on unemployment but it ran out after 6 months. I had financial aid but because I have an Associates Degree it got pulled. I've been applying to retail places but getting nothing.I'm so tired of seeing people who barely even try get so far ahead and I'm stuck where I was 10 years ago. I know life isn't fair but I just want to be happy.My friends barely give a shit about me. I see one having life problems and everyone flocks around them trying to make them feel better. But if I literally say "I want to kill myself" no one cares.I'm tired of hearing "things will get better". I'm tired of hearing how someone wanted to kill themselves 3 years ago and now they're married with kids. I'm single. I'm in my 30s. I'm not one of the pretty girls. No one wants to date me. I'm a loser. Everyone would be better off without me. I know if I were to disappear without a word no one would notice.I'm getting too old to be dealing with this. The past 10 years have been the same. I try something, I fail, I try again, I fail. I'm tired of trying something only to end up inevitably failing it.I want to feel successful. I want to be proud of myself.But at the rate things are going, that isn't going to happen for me.
