Why I don’t want to share what goes on in my head..I don’t know how to explain a lot of what goes on in my head. I know the thoughts that occur but I don’t know why they do and when I try and combat them because I know they’re crazy and ridiculous- it makes them worse. Once they’re there- they’re there. The feeling is there, the thought escalates and it gets worse. I also don’t want people to know what I battle every day because I fear their reactions.The smallest and silliest of things set it off- it ruins my mood. •	Being out on the boat with my boyfriend, pull up next to perfectly beautiful girls and I’m a troll. 	Thoughts that occur- He’d rather be with them. He may have been with them. •	Someone mentioning how many people my boyfriend has been with/slept with.	I don’t know the answer to this question and though part of me wants to know a BIGGER part of me says fuck no, I just can’t. This absolute kills me beyond any 	reasonable doubt, I can’t rationalize anything, this is just a no, nope, please for the 	love of all that is good- make it stop. Just. Fucking. Stop.•	My curiosity gets the best of me a lot more than it should- it’s not a healthy curiosity, it’s a curiosity that I know is going to ruin my mood and make me sick and make me feel bad but I can’t stop myself.- Self destruction, if I destroy myself I don’t give them the chance. 	Comparing myself to my boyfriend’s exes. Looking at them from social media.I hate to admit that I social media stalked them, it makes me feel dirty, but I did. Feeling like I am dying a little on the inside because I can’t control myself. I don’t look like them. I have little in common with them. I can’t keep a positive thought on that being a good thing. 	Do they still talk? Are they still friends? Will he cheat on/be unfaithful/be disloyal to 	me? Why does this even matter to me? This is stupid.•	I wish my boyfriend’s best friend (now a great friend to me) wouldn’t share with me so much about his past. It’s not that I don’t want to know and that I don’t love him, every part of him- but some of it just sets off trains in my head that I can’t stop. I don’t judge him- he’s an incredible man.•	When your boyfriend mentions hanging out with one of his friends and your irrational mind immediately thinks it’s a bodacious blonde or an ex or something and your mind blows it out of proportion… go sit down child. UGH. •	I can’t break any of my glass dishes to make a shard that I can use to I pulled apart a razor- why? I wanted to shred my face because I find it disgusting to look at. I want to cut up my arms for being bones. I want to cut up my stomach because it isn’t perfect. Razors hurt. I want my glass shard back. 	I can’t look like the girls I keep seeing on Reddit. I can’t look like the girls I know my 	boyfriend has seen and enjoys looking at on Reddit. When I go over and he closes several tabs on his computer I get a horrid sinking feeling. Why? They make me insecure. Porn and the like make me uncomfortable. I can’t look like girls that I’m 	surrounded with, or my boyfriends passed sexcapades or friends or anything. I knit pick with every single little thing wrong with me to the point I can’t see any good left.•	Social media is the devil and I know I’m addicted to it. 	I hate social media, but I can’t get away from it. I like being able to see my good friends and family and share things with them but with them come people who only mean you harm. I can’t go through a day without seeing some oh so perfect girl that I compare myself to and falling apart. It’s pathetic, it’s frustrating, it is stupid. 	You know what my mind wonders to with social media? Pages I don’t need to be on. I’ve blocked people to keep myself from going to see their pages and wonder, why did anyone cheat on me with you?, what do you have that I don’t? I am the biggest fool in my browse, especially when I bopped into my boyfrieds exe’s pages- there were others. Curiosity. You’re an idiot. You do it to yourself. Dumbass. Fuck.•	Gossip.	I hate going anywhere and having people look at you twice or up and down and you 	know they’re judging you but you don’t know why and you’re mind races. Am I that unattractive? Is there something wrong with what I am wearing? Is there something on my face? Do they know of me? Did I do something wrong?  	I hate being alienated at work and made fun of for my mental instabilities and having to get help to get out of an abusive relationship.•	I was raped..	What makes it worse is he was one of my best friends, a great friend to my brother and my family and he did what he did and I’m the one who gets to feel like a sack of garbage and disgusting because of “rape culture.” 	Does it count if you were drugged and groped? 	What makes it worse than worse is I’ve been raped by two people, but does it count as rape if you were dating that person? No matter how many times you say no and you push them off it just doesn’t stop. I couldn’t shower alone. I couldn’t be alone. I’m not going back to that. I don’t want to even talk about it again. It’s embarrassing. That relationship happened, I learned from it, I got out. It’s over. 	I’m an idiot.•	I tried killing myself twice and failed. Way to go, you fail at everything.	I swallowed a handful of painkillers. My Mamaw found me, I got my stomach pumped. She told no one. I told no one. (At the time, some people know now. Which I am ashamed of.) The second time I shredded my arm with glass, until I saw my bone and  panicked. Down the street, not across the street- another epic fail. Facepalm.•	I’ve been bullied most of my life and I let it happen.	I didn’t defend myself until 7th grade and that’s when defending myself stopped when it 	ended in my setting a girls hair on fire for not leaving me alone. (Took a year to even get to that point but still.)	I’ve always been that loser. The back burner friend. The one everyone judged and made fun of. The doormat. Always. •	Sometimes I wish I had a drug problem. 	Even though I know what drugs can do to a person and loved ones.•	My touch of OCD drives me insane.	It really bites having a touch of OCD with depression. I hate going to the grocery store and not being able to park in the same three spots that I normally do. That goes for anywhere. It sets me off. It’s a parking space. Boo freakin’ who. My house has to be 	cleaned, things have a place- they need to be there, but then I get to the point of hopelessness and I can’t bring myself to clean and BOOM just everything explodes. I hate when my eyeliner is uneven. My eyes aren’t the same shape. If my colors don’t match in some way- my outfit. I can’t. I feel out of place, unattractive, ridiculous. 	I hate falling out of a routine, I need that routine.•	I have a big heart and it makes me naïve in thinking that others have a heart like mine.	Not a blessing. •	I don’t like asking for help because I think I’m beyond help and don’t want to share my toxic mind.•	I hate when my minds working too fast and I forget something or say something stupid. Then I can sit there and overanalyze everything. Way to go. •	I locked away the best of me to protect her from the toxicity that is my mind and I am scared to let her fully out because of what might happen to her. 	I don’t want her to die. I know who I want to be, I know how I can be- but I let the 	toxicity take over and now I just can’t bring myself to let her out anymore. •	Sometimes I want to die, but I know that’s not an option.	I can’t just leave and give up. I would pass on my pain. I would wreck some people’s lives who rely on my. My cat wouldn’t understand why I didn’t come home. He doesn’t understand why Token didn’t come home.•	My nightmares are getting to the point I can’t tell what’s real and what’s not.	My boyfriend over dosing.	My boyfriend cheating on my in some form.	My boyfriend leaving me in a cruel way.	My person telling me she doesn’t want to talk to me anymore.	My person getting hurt in some way and I can’t get to her to help.	My ex throwing me through another closet door. 	My ex shooting me or my family or loved ones.	My ex slashing me with a straight razor.	I can’t save my Token. I didn’t save my Token. He was thrashed around and I didn’t get him out of her mouth soon enough. I’m running and running and I can’t get to him. It kills me that I couldn’t. It kills me that I relive it in my mind.	Losing my Toulouse. 	Losing any family member that I’m super attached to.•	I am better at making others happy than I am myself.	Sometimes I don’t feel like I’m worth being happy or it’s impossible to keep myself happy and I know how it feels to reach for happiness and be left in the dark so I spread positivity. I can’t pour from an empty cup though. And it’s better to have an overflowing 	cup so I have some to spare than put myself in a bind. •	I’m a worrier not a warrior.	Got that backwards. •	I’m trying.	I’m trying to be perfect. I’m trying to be good. I’m trying to be what everyone wants. I‘m 	trying to be beautiful. I’m trying to fit everyone’s standards. I’m trying to be happy. I’m trying, I’m trying, and I’m trying- but who cares because I’m don’t succeed all the time. Yes. I know I’ll be fine and that eventually things will work themselves out. I just need a minute or two to try and pull myself together and keep myself together before life throws more shit at me. Things get a bit heavy. I let everything build up. I’m working on it. It’s hard to talk because I’m scared of the responses I’ll get or how I will react to the responses or if someone will desert me because of how my mind works. This is only maybe a quarter of what goes on in my head. This is just what is lingering at the moment. Pls halp.
