I'm going to the emergency room for a psych eval and they're likely going to keep me. Ive read they have to keep you for 3 days if youre suicidal and have a concrete plan (I do). Is this true? I've had two attempts in the past, some deaths in my family, one from suicide, that I havent properly processed, a family history of depression anxiety and bipolar disorder, and I went off my meds without tapering way back in February when I moved and forgot to switch pharmacies and just felt okay without them until I got a second job and started having real shit trust issues with my significant other who I live with and isn't very supportive all the time and also nuts like me. Also. Sailor Moon isn't dubbed for the original anime beyond season 2. If I watch the DIC version and hear Molly's Fran-Drescher ass accent, I'll go deaf.I'm only going now instead of just going through with my plan because I recognized that I've gotten to the disassociation "just fuck it" stage which is where I was when I made the last two attempts, and started the beginning of the end by wreaking havoc on my personal life by quitting jobs I needed, ending relationships, doing crazy Britney Spears in 2007 type shit etc. I'm sure I can use the structured white walls, simplified version of life for a few days but I really need to know a few things before I go like :How long will I need to let my employers know that I'll be gone so I don't have to live out of my car and live off of dollar menu when I get out? I'm a little bit of a germaphobe so can I bring my own blanket and pillow case? I'm also a big five year old and sleep with a stuffed animal, can I bring it? What about a pen and notebook or books to read? Will they take my phone away? Do I need to let my employers know exactly whats going on, in case they're the pull up your bootstraps, gtfover it kinda ppl who will judge me when I get out? Will I have a hard time getting out? Will they try to keep there for the time it takes to taper back on my drugs/have them take effect? Has anyone who has been hospitalized, what is the day like and did it help you at all?TLDR; I'm hospitalizing myself for being suicidal, what can I expect in terms of what to bring with me, how long will I be there, and the treatment I will recieve?
