Dear Someone,I have been thinking about writing this letter for some weeks now, and naturally I have no clue who I would address it to. To my mother? To my doctor? To a team of people keeping me alive? Either way, it’s addressed to Someone- I need someone to help me save my life. Is this what they call a cry for help? It’s never really a cry, so much as a whisper, a moan, a whimper in the dark. Crying would actually give the chance for someone to see, to recognize the things I’ve been working so hard to cover up. It’s only for the grace that I’ve been in this place before that I have the courage and strength and whatever the fuck else it takes to do this to myself- to do this FOR myself.In real life, whenever someone commits suicide there is always the requisite sympathies and platitudes that come from those left behind. The “No one saw this coming,” “Why didn’t they ask for help?” “Such a good person, we never suspected,” “Why, how did this happen?” I think I’ve come to my own conclusion for why it’s so difficult for people to talk about depression or suicidal ideations or why people don’t ask for help. Shame. Hopelessness. Apathy. Repetition? You open up to someone that you’re having these struggles, thinking these thoughts and you get the same answers. Things will get better! You are loved! You are worthy! Just keep moving forward! We are here for you! As helpful as hearing these things can be at times, to be reminded that someone out there might actually give a damn about your life, it gets hard to hear as well.You say things get better, but right now that seems impossible. You say I’m worthy, but I don’t even feel human. You say I’m loved, but that doesn’t change the fact that every day when I open my eyes I hate every fiber of my being. You say to keep moving forward, but the weight of my own existence makes it impossible to even breath, nonetheless take steps. You say you are here for me, yet I haven’t spoken to anyone on a meaningful level, aside from my mother, in ages. These things mean next to nothing when you live in a mixture of involuntary and self-imposed isolation. These things mean nothing when you are sick.It’s taken a lot for me to recognize that I’m sick. I feel less than human, like scum. I feel like I don’t belong on this planet. I feel like I bring nothing to anyone else. I feel like it would be easier to just have it all stop. Some incredibly small piece of me recognizes that logically this isn’t so. But that minuscule part of my being loses out to the noise of my own self-hatred on a regular basis. I’m sick. But I’m not strong. And I’m tired. I’m tired of feeling this way. When I wake up in the morning, for the first hour or so I think of ways I could kill myself that would be the least painful, least inconvenient for anyone else. Just so that I don’t have to wake up another day. Just so that I don’t have to even bother anymore.When I was 15, I attempted suicide by overdose. I remember thinking if the first years of my life were this miserable, why bother waiting to see what the next 15 are like? From 9-15 I struggled with depression and self-harm. I felt like it wouldn’t improve, my life would never have value. At 25 I find myself thinking, if the first 25 years were so miserable, why in the holy hell would I wait around for another 25? Another 10? Another 5 or another day? Because it doesn’t feel like it could get any better. It really doesn’t. I will never have a valuable life. I will never have worth. I will never have success or true achievement or do anything meaningful or change someone else’s life. I will never have a brain that functions as it is supposed to, as this all comes down to a mental affliction in the end. That is why they call it “mental health” after all, right?I remember when I was in the hospital after my admission, and a doctor told me (and my parents) he didn’t think it was a “true” attempt- just a cry for help. A cry for help. I feel like those words have haunted me and minimized what it was I felt I needed to do in that instance. It was not a cry for help. I would talk to my friends at times about how I felt; We would discuss ways we would prefer to die, and I would talk candidly about how I thought the best way to kill yourself would be. THAT was a cry for help. I wrote honestly in a school journal about my hopelessness and my desire to make it all stop. It was either ignored, not taken seriously, or not read to begin with. THAT was a cry for help. One morning when I was in high school I confided to my mother with fear and shame that the reason I exclusively wore long sleeve shirts was because I had been cutting on my upper arm. THAT was a cry for help. She responded that it was “only scratches” and wasn’t something to worry about. (Admittedly, she was correct. In the future when I cut again, I made sure to make it worth something.) On that morning- March 7th, 2007- as I sat with pills in my hand, the last thing I wanted was help. I wanted it to end. THIS is a cry for help. This is me saying I recognize I’m a danger to myself at this point in my life, and I need someone with more power than I do.I’ve felt sick for a long time. Most of my life. The cliche of having an abusive childhood I suppose. The first time I really remember feeling unwell (though at the time I didn’t recognize it as such) was when I was 9. I was getting ready to go see my biological father and I was thinking how unfair it was that I couldn’t get sick or get hurt so that way I could stay safe at home. That was the first time I remember wanting to be hurt, to either get out of something or to get attention. I started cutting when I was a freshman in high school, around age 13. I started cutting in earnest when I was 14. I would heat up small pieces of metal and hold them to my thighs so that it would hurt, but not leave as much of a mark as cutting did. I would pull my hair out. I would bite the inside of my mouth. I would bite my fingers to the quick until they ached and bled. I would snap rubber bands around my wrists.I recognize my unhealthy habits, the things I hate about myself go deeper than harming myself: I am manipulative. I lie, even about things that don’t matter. I have poor impulse control. I rage and snap at the only people I care about, pushing them away because I don’t deserve them, or because they didn’t agree with me, or because some arbitrary reason that made sense at the time. I’ve stolen money when I was younger- recognizing it was wrong, but not really caring. I’ve hurt people emotionally on purpose. I’ve hurt people physically on purpose.My deepest shame, I’ve hurt animals on purpose, for what? Searching for a sense of power I’ve never had? Searching to reclaim the power and strength and purpose that was taken from me throughout my childhood? I disgust myself to admit it, but in all the times I have been seen for mental health treatment I have never once been honest with them or myself. I have never once admitted the things I hate so much about myself because that makes them real, that really makes me the monster I feel I am. I tell people I don’t want to have children because I don’t want the responsibility, I’m selfish, my disease makes it so that I might not be able to. I really don’t want to have children because I’m so sure that I will hurt them. I cannot fuck up a child like I have been. And I know that I would. I would!I hurt the things closest to me, people and otherwise, I destroy things because I don’t deserve them. I obviously don’t deserve them. I’m trying to come up with the best plans to give up my cats, the only things on this planet that selflessly and truly and really and unobjectively love me without moral or familial or social obligation. All my life all I’ve wanted was to have some cats, as lame as that sounds. And now all I can think of is to give them up, because I will hurt them and because I don’t deserve to be loved in the way they love me. Well, some days I make the plans so I don’t hurt them, and other days I make the plans so that way no one has to worry about them after I’m gone and I know they are taken care of.I’m not entirely sure if anything I’m saying is coming off in any way that makes sense. How do you describe to a non-entity you haven’t met the disgusting, shameful, immoral thoughts that run your life? How do you explain to someone that you’re dying from the inside out? Because that’s how it feels. Like I’ve died from inside my soul out. My soul withered and with it my passion, my love, my hope, my dreams, my motivation, my future. I have none of these things. At this moment in my life, I have no life. What I’m doing is not life. It’s mere existence. I spend my days at work or sitting on my ass eating everything I can find, in pain both physically and emotionally. I’m somehow run through by pain and exceptional apathy at the same time. It’s exhausting. The only thing I can bring myself to care about is my cats and food; Eating with reckless abandon because the more I eat, the fatter I get, and the more justified I am in hating myself and isolating myself from others. No one loves the sad fat chick, so why not make it easier to be unloved? I don’t care about my own well-being. I don’t care about my apartment or my bills or my bank account. The only reason those things get my time of day is so my roommate doesn’t have to struggle or worry or fight to make ends meet.I realized I needed to write this letter when I started noticing I was daydreaming. While driving, I dream about driving off overpasses, or into ditches, or on to train tracks. But I wouldn’t want to do anything to hurt an innocent person. I don’t hate them, just myself. I dream about cutting deep into my legs, as if I could cut out the fat I hate, or cut out the sickness, or just to feel something. Maybe the cuts would get infected and I could die? It wouldn’t be suicide, but just a sad side effect of my mental health. Dreaming of ways I could take my life that wouldn’t hurt, wouldn’t hurt anyone else, wouldn’t make someone I love find me. I’ve been given a few diagnoses over my life: Dysthymic disorder, seasonal affective disorder, general anxiety disorder, adjustment disorder. No two doctors have ever told me the same diagnosis. No diagnosis has really felt to ‘fit.’ I’ve taken more medications than I can remember: Xanax, Trazodone, Prozac, Adderall, Ritalin, Ambien, Lunesta, Wellbutrin, and some I can’t recall. Nothing seemed to help long term. I would feel ok for a few weeks, maybe a few months, and I would always fall back to my “black place.” I’ve spent years where I can stay in the gray, even periods of what might be happiness, and always I find myself back in the black.This is my call for help. I can’t see a light through the black anymore.-------------I know I need to go get help. I see this. I want to walk my ass right into an emergency room and beg someone to save my life. But I don't have insurance. Is it worth asking for help at the risk of being financially burdened for the rest of my life? One of my biggest fears is financial ruin and inescapable debt.
