This is just me venting or whatever you can ignore if you'd like.tl;dr: I'm stupid with no motivation/will. Not enough courage to tell anyone on how I feel. I envy happiness so there's a reason to live.Welp. I have a couple more days until my finals. I haven't really started studying for any of them, really. There really isn't any point because I'm going to fail them anyways and most likely be kicked out of my Uni. This is going to be my 3rd strike or whatever of academic probation.Lately death has really been the only thing I have been thinking about. Today, there was a shootout that resulted in 2 casualties with the suspect at large in the area. This occurred to be that this could be my chance to die an accidental death if I were to go find and approach the suspect. Though obviously, I did not even try and finding the person because I know I wouldn't find him in the end.I don't think I'm suicidal or anything. I honestly don't want anyone to know how much I am feeling and I believe killing myself would tell everyone just that. Yeah, my friends and family may be aware to what/how I am feeling but that is all I want them to know.I'd say my depression really started off as believing that I am too incompetent. From starting college, I told myself I am following the pre-med path. I say I want to become this doctor but after 4 years I have a 3.0 GPA from my CC and under a 2.5 GPA in my uni. I don't know what the hell I am doing with life. I think the more I believe I am incompetent while taking these courses the worse it gets from the grades that I receive in them. I find the courses I take very interesting - I just love learning about it. I just have no will, no motivation to study the courses. If that makes any sense. And if I don't get the subject, I try to take the time to learn it but in the end it takes time for it to 'click' or I forget it a couple days later. And if I remember correctly, doesn't depression affect our hypothalamus - which is our control center for converting our memories from shorter to longer?And I know, yeah, sure. The right thing to do is just to take a break from school and get better or surrounding myself with friends. But I honestly don't want to stop because I don't want to fail on my parents. They have high expectations of me, especially my dad. I don't want to fail on him because he has worked so hard in life. He literally had nothing growing up. And what did I have growing up? Everything.And whenever I'm with my friends, yeah, I can have a great time being with them but most of the time I don't know what to say. What to contribute. Nothing comes to mind. Occasionally I say witty things in the convo to not make them wonder why I'm so quiet. Most of the time I hate it when I hang out with them too. Most of the good friends I hang out with talk about school a lot and reminding myself with school? No bueno for me because of how I am doing in it.I really do want to do better in life and to give back to my parents and more for the unconditional love they have given to me. I don't deserve great parents like them. I honestly feel like I am a waste of investment. They spend so much money on someone who is not going to go anywhere in life. I have been trying to overcome this shit depression for awhile now without any help such as therapy or whatever... but obviously that hasn't really done anything.Like one of the previous post that I've seen on this subreddit, I'm just waiting to die. An accidental death would be welcoming. Then again, I do envy the people who are out there being happy. So I guess that means there has to be a part of me that wants to make life work. I hope I can someday look back at this long part of my life and be grateful I did not do anything to jeopardize my life. But I guess that's just being hopeful.First time actually writing this down and it somewhat feels a bit better.
