I'm a 17 y/o female living with my parents and two sisters ages 20 and 23. I am diagnosed with Mood Disorder NOS (but they're leaning towards bipolar), OCD, and GAD. I take Effexor 150 mg, Klonopin .25 mg.  Okay, so to what happened.I was home alone, and contemplating hanging myself with a makeshift bedsheet noose I had crafted, but I couldn't find anything to tie it to, so I decided just to drink instead and hope the feeling would pass.I had a glass of wine and decided to do an online chat with suicide hotline (I've never contacted them before) so I could talk to somebody about it. That's when my 20 y/o sister K comes home, looks at my laptop, reads the last thing I typed, and starts screaming at me saying I'm so fucking stupid and just a bunch of other rude things for talking to the online person. Then she assumes that I'm super drunk because she read that I drank. Now I'm not a lightweight and one glass of wine doesn't even have me tipsy.That's when my mom walks in the house for her lunch break and all hell breaks loose. My sister screams at her that I'm wasted and contacting suicide hotline. Well, my mom doesn't give a shit if Im trying to kill myself, she is just super angry at the prospect of me taking her alcohol and she starts screaming at me and backing me into a corner of my bathroom. I get really scared of her because she's very scary when she's angry and I scream at her to get the fuck away from me and I'm really emotional at this point so I scream I fucking hate you and she starts to slap and punch my head. I immediately start screaming and run for the front door when my sister tackles me and digs her nails into me. She's saying horrible things to me and I lose my cool and admittedly hit her back in the face. I get loose and my mom rips me back by my hair, and I'm super scared now because my family is attacking me because they think I'm drunk and have lost my mind. I run upstairs and bang on my big glass window to idk, get help? That's when my sister grabs my arm and by this point I have yelled at least 100 times to "not touch me, please stop touching me". So I've had it and I'm terrified so I slap her again. She tackles me to the ground, landing on my arm (it's very hard to use now and is cut up and severely bruised) and just wails on me at least 10 times. My parents are both home now and just watching her do this when they see blood all over my face and decide now is a good time to get her off. Now my parents tell me to pack my stuff, I'm going to the hospital to be institutionalized. I've been institutionalized before on my own account and I *was* *not* going back. My dad makes me get into his car to go, but not before giving me a wet towel to pacify the blood streaming from my nose and mouth. My lips were and still are super busted and swollen. I look like I've having an allergic reaction. I end up not going because I tell my dad that I'm not going to sugarcoat the story and that my mom and sister would either get into trouble, or I'd be placed into foster care, so he gets worried and takes me back home.My parents are seemingly kind to me now, but my sister is still harassing me and emotionally abusing me and it's gotten to the point that I'm scared to be by any of them and have locked myself in my room. I just turned 17 and I have nowhere to go so I don't know what to do. My mom (who works at the police station) said she talked to a PO and he said if I told anyone that story I would be the one getting a record because I was drinking so I pretty much have no options besides living in fear. What am I supposed to do?Edit: Should have mentioned this, I really cannot call the police in my city. My dad is the magistrate, his brother is the judge, my mom does some kind of clerk work there and has fucked at least 1/3 of the officers, and my sister who beat me is always over there doing ride alongs and such; they absolutely love her over there on account for her being very attractive and having huge tits. They will 100% not side with me. 
