I've gotten "help" in the past, if you can call it that. I talked with friends- I don't have many and they didn't care, I talked to my parents- they just punished and yelled at me, I talked to my doctor- he put me on meds that messed me up, and I talked with a therapist- he gave me no significant feedback and only added to my self loathing. I guess I've just been struggling so long that I have this idea of "I've totally got this," or something along the lines of how to best 'tolerate' any crippling symptoms like not getting out of bed, shaking, rocking, feeling nauseas, dizzy, intrusive thoughts and panic attacks. It's not normal, and I know that. It's just I've experienced this for so long, it's my normal, and I have an assumption that I can handle this on my own. In the last five months, I've been coping in ways hazardous to my health. Never would I have thought I'd resort to the things I do now, but whenever I'm overcome with anxiety, I feel justified in reacting the way I do. It's like I have no other choice. If I want to ground myself, then I have to do certain things, even if they're harmful. My fear is that if I'm doing things now that I would never have done in the past because they're 'bad', it's only a matter of time before my views change again to accommodate possibly more dangerous things. It's a feeling of not knowing who you truly are or control possibly slipping from you.I guess I'm having a moment of clarity right now. I can't keep doing this. I can't keep living this way. It isn't healthy. It's just that I don't know when it's time for me to say something. Maybe it's the fact that I've said so much in the past and have gotten no/terrible responses that I've just decided, fuck it, I'll do this on my own. The last time I opened up, my life pretty much fell apart so I'm now fearful and bitter about ever opening up again. When is it time to get help? When do you know you can't help yourself anymore? Should I get help even though I don't necessarily want it? Can anyone help me if I approach help with resentment and annoyance? Thanks for any advice.
