I recently graduated college with an AA and my mother wants me to contemplate what I want to do next with my life.  That is a dreadful thing for a man with Aspergers like me to think about.  The only thing anyone would say to that is that they would work.I have actually worked for money once before (at Goodwill) and it was utterly horrid.  I was forced to stand on my feet full-time (too soon) and, being morbidly obese, it hurt so very much.  But my job coach just said "We have to keep working."  The accomodations were lax; I was only allowed to sit for 15 minutes, which was not enough to help my hurting legs.  During breaks, I was not allowed to prop my feet up on the chairs in the break room.  And, there was another worker who would wolf whistle constantly for lulz, while not necessarily looking at another worker.  I was upset that no one complained of possible sexual harrassment.  It made me so angry.  And when I got home from work, I had almost no motivation to do what I loved to do, even on the ever so short weekends and holidays I had.Ever since quitting Goodwill, I have been very happy being at home.  Eight hours of pain and horrible accomodations was not worth the $720 per two weeks it brought me.I don't want to work for a living again, but grandma says "Too bad.  &gt;:( "  If I have to do work like I did at Goodwill for a living, then I don't want to live.  But, I have too much to live for; a job takes it all away until I quit, even if it is sedentary unlike Goodwill.I constantly dream wide awake of having $50 million in an interest checking account and living in a $10 million home in Seal Beach, CA.I don't know what I'll do.  I have looked at every possible boulevard of working at home:• Blogging: I have nothing interesting to blog about.  And even if I did, who wants to click on the ads?• Videos on YouTube: I have nothing interesting to make videos about.• Mystery Shopping: I might have to go places I don't like.  I hate seafood and being a mystery shopper may land me at a Red Lobster someday.• Selling Crafts on Etsy: I have no tangible arts and crafts skills.• Selling T-Shirts: .......... maybe, but....• Uber: I have a really tiny two-seater car and I avoid freeways.• Fiverr: Too much competition for the really easy and fun stuff.• Writing eBooks: I have nothing unique or humanly interesting to write about.• Freelancing: I fear my hardest work may be rejected.• Affiliate Marketing: ..........  I need a $150 upfront and per year website for that.  And I need to make my website look professional.• Stock photography: The pictures my current camera takes can be grainy most of the time and cameras that take pictures that aren't are very expensive.• The Lottery: No.  Just no.  Chances are much fatter than I am.I am very much short on ideas of how to make a living without working.  And it brings me to tears that I may be told to come to terms with this reality or that I cannot be helped.  If I could be paid just to be alive, I would be very happy.  However, since human economy is so finite....I don't know.  I just don't know.
