2 months after coming back home from travelling, I have fallen into a dark and ugly place that I thought I wouldn't see again (6 years ago at university I fell into a deep depression, intensified by a cannabis habit, leading to self-harm and constant suicidal thoughts).I can name four factors sending me to this place. The first is coming back home, the post-travel depression ("What the fuck am I going to do with my life here? Everything is too familiar, dull and routine. I feel trapped"). Then there's been a relationship with this girl I met on my travels, who I fell in love with. We tried to keep it long distance when she went away again, but she's in a relationship with someone else; still wants to be with me (tells me she loves me), but the whole situation has fucked with me so much. At this point, I hate her for coming into my life and triggering this anxiety, paranoia and jealousy to spiral out of control. This could be my biggest issue right now.The third factor, which has contributed a lot to the persecuting thoughts and self-hatred is starting a job I didn't want to do in the first place, but took it because I hated unemployment and was desperate to be earning money again. Anyway, after just over 2 weeks I handed in my notice. I had already left the office in a panic attack, got drunk and went home to harm myself (the worst I've ever done. Probably scarred for life).The fourth factor is that I am using cannabis despite it intensifying all of my negative thought patterns. It isn't so much when I'm high that this happens (although it can make me dwell more intensely on something, such as this girl), but the day after when I feel like an depressed, anxious, non-functioning zombie.I feel unable to overcome this intense self-hatred. Even when I can motivate myself to exercise or meditate, the effects are so fleeting, but most the time I simply cannot motivate myself to do anything good for myself - I don't deserve to get better. I am a failure as a son, brother, member of society and this species, the only thing I want is non-existence. I fantasize about suicide and dying in freak accidents/violent attacks all the time, why I have to end my life and how to do it, but I am such a coward and don't want to upset my friends and family, that I know I will never do it, which makes me feel even more pathetic.The scariest part of this for me is the loud and denigrating voice in my head which shouts insults at me ("Worthless, pathetic, scum, you're a fucking child, you're nothing") and orders me to kill myself, over and over. The shouting in my head beats me down, leaving me mentally exhausted and crying in fear.I am a burden. I cannot maintain a relationship, a job, I'm stuck in my parents' house, I have failed to be there for my brother who is also depressed. I can see how everyone pities me as a child who never grew up. I will never really be an adult or treated as such. I cannot speak up. I'm quiet, ineffectual, a pathetic excuse for a 'man'.I am not totally blind to my positive attributes, why people like me, or good things that I do, but none of this changes what I am deep down, which is defective, an error, a poor excuse for a person who shouldn't have been born and shouldn't be here now.
