I've suspected I've had depression for a very long time but I've never really talked about it or mentioned it to anyone before. I'm a teenage girl and they can be very moody, angsty, melodramatic, and attention seeking so of course there is defiantly some stigma attached to the depressed teenager. My mother is especially very unsympathetic towards mental illness, anything that she can't see, and anything that contradicts what she currently believes to be true. She generally thinks people are hypochondriacs and try to attach labels to things at don't exist. This also greatly added to my hesitation of receiving help but it got worse and I finally said something. It took her two months to take me seriously enough to get me an appointment with a therapist. She has already told me it's just me being a moody teen, in my head, and her latest is that it's because of a friend who I see outside of school perhaps once a month who does NOT have depression and her issues are very different than mine. She keeps on throwing it in my face like I knew she would. Sometimes she makes me think maybe she has a point though. I haven't really done anything these past few months and especially after school has ended and today I was in bed like I've been everyday and mistakenly told her I didn't care and she freaked out and threatened to cancel my next appointment (ok go ahead?). I feel really guilty and am to the point where I really don't want to go back to my therapist and want to go back to when no one knew. Now that I'm here though I'm worried I look like some ridiculous attention seeking girl, which is not my intention at all. I don't self harm (not that this is indicative of someone being attention seeking, no offense meant), I don't tell anyone I'm suicidal (and realize I'm being irrational when I am), I try not to whine, I try to act happy, sometimes I have made self derogatory comments but I've been trying to be self positive, I defiantly went already through my "moody stage" and this is just a constant low. I'm honestly worried my therapist and everyone views me as a joke, as DON'T have legitimate problems I can't explain why I feel like this at the intensity I do. 
