So I'm at a very low point in my self esteem. I really like nothing goes as I plan, and nothing ever will. I'm at the point where I just dont want to exist in life anymore. I dont want suicide, I just want to fall asleep and never wake up again.I'm 21 years old and male. I have not had a girlfriend since I was 18 in highschool. I do not have any close friends at all who I have extended contact with outside of a function. I am having trouble finding work that I enjoy and that I qualify for. Being unemployed right now, my money is extremely limited. I hate half of my family and the other half I feel like I'm a giant burden on.I came to this reddit because I just wanted to type all my feelings out instead of feeling shitty about myself, curling up in my blanket and starring at a wall for hours. Probally going to be a long post as a heads up.* I suppose I'll start with my social issues. I have extreme anxiety. Even when I was in grade school, I have a hard time forming relationships with anyone(male or female) because I just always see the worst in things. I always see myself doing something stupid or wierd and I always fear what other people would think of me.  I am very conservative in how I act and my thought process was and still is, i'd rather just people not know I exist rather than people know I exist and think im a piece of wierd shit or they hate me. I dont have any friends who i call and say "hey lets hang out or go get something to eat". Generally speaking I do everything I enjoy, alone.I hate confrontation. I dislike pointlesss arguments. I shell away from things a lot of times when I know I should stand up for myself.  This has led to a lot of people taking advantage of me over the years and i allow it to happen. Some examples being my "friends" would ask to borrow some of my things and never return them. Valuables such as ipods or games.As for girls, I don't know. I am good looking. I know this not from a self pride fact, but from that a lot of girls "hit" on me. Be it from my  old job or my college school or my old high school. Girls are always very friendly to me. Some have even asked ME out. But my anxiety makes it so hard for me to form anything past professional or very anquantance-like relationships. I always fear about doing the wrong thing. Or that I'll do something to ruin the basic friendship I may have. When girls flirt at me, I lock up and just have no idea what to say that doesnt seem stupid as fuck. Don't get me wrong, I can talk to females easily, I just make a relationship past a basic friendship. My last girlfriend I had was in highschool and even then, she initially came to me by making the first move because I was too scared.* For work, I have worked 5 jobs in the past 3 years.For my first job coming out of high school, I joined the United States Airforce. I had no plans of doing anything college wise at the moment, and my dreams of what I thought I would enjoy doing, seemed so far fetched that I had to be realistic. I only lasted 4 weeks into basic. Under the pressure, my social anxiety was through the roof. Every day after lights out I felt like my chest was caved in and I couldnt breathe. I tried my best to simply not get noticed by the MTIs but that didnt go as planned. I told myself going in, that the MTIs are not mad or doing this to me specifically, but its their job for everyone. It didnt help. Every yell in my face, dug deeper in the back of my mind that I was a fuck up. That I didnt belong and they knew this. Even my first week there, i was under  prepared and had to have my nearby bunkmates loan my stuff like shaving cream and even jeans  when the MTIs wasnt looking. So I ended up getting a neautral discharge under fraud (which wasnt true) just to not be locked in for 4 months of it. In hindsight, I KNEW that the basic was nothing like what it was being on duty outside of that. But i couldnt help it in the present.'My Second job was working at a grocery store as a night stocker. I hated that. I hated how disorderly things where, I hated the people I worked with who were what seemed like potheads, heavy smokers, and heavy drunks. I hated my managers who wanted 16 rows of shit to be fully stocked at opening with only 6 people.  I only worked there for a few months.My Third job was working at a warehouse. I hated that. I hated how much "busy" work I had to create for myself when there was nothing in particular to be doing. I hated once again, my manageres who had unrealistic number goals for the shift team i was working on. I hated how strict they was about time (IE, I clocked in at 10:58 for a 11:00 starting shift, go to bathroom, get on the floor by 11:04, get shit on for being 4 fucking minutes late?) and in general I hated how much work I was doing for such little pay. Putting in 62 hours a week for 8:50 an hour.My fourth job was working at Wal-Mart as a cashier. I worked there for a little under a year. In general, I had a lot of likes but a lot of dislikes. I enjoyed the more or less lax nature of things. My breaks was 15 minutes and it wasnt being tracked. I didnt need to do a timesheet every 15 of coming back and too. Busy work for that was basically just looking like you was available/open. Most of my co-workers was cool and most of my managers was cool aswell. What I hated was the public. Never before had a met a bunch of idiotic, immoral, and selfish group of people. I never ever want to work in retail again just for the amount of shit I had to put up with people. And because they are the customer, of course I can't say anything to them about it. Just say ok sir/maam and sigh as they walk away, cursing my name as if everything is my fault. (Example, telling a customer we only take 1 coupon per item, them getting pissed off at me like i made the fucking rule).My fifth job was at another warehouse plant. The pay here was good, 14:50 hour, but they was very transparent about everything. I asked them many times about what hours they need me for. i was hired under part-time (because I have school) They said on normal, it would be about 25 hours. Well my first week I did 44 hours. I missed classes on 2 days because of the extra hours they asked me to do.  I asked them for the following week if i can just get a schedule printed out so I can know for 100% when to come in, reiterated ONCE again i was in school, and in the end they just said it wouldn't work out and decided to cut me loose.* Onto family.On my dads side of the family, I try and avoid. I dont' hate them, but I dont like them.When I used to live in this house I am once again living in, I lived here for free while I went to school. However, my dad, who was paying for light/water, stopped paying for them, because he works out of town 99% of the time. He didnt send me money, he didnt give me instructions. So I went to my grandfather (his father) and told him story. Told me to go stay at my mothers house (they are divorced) across town until he gets it turned back on. Well I come back the next day, and my grandmother has a gigantic fit. The food in the fridge gone rotten, the clothes in the washer with milddew. It was all my fault, despite my dad not paying the water/electrity.  She kicked me out of the house saying the words "have a good life" and slammed the door on me.My dad whenever he talks to me, loves to put me down. Acting as if everything I do is wrong. When he talks on the phone, he hides his insecurity by getting real loud and authoritative with me over small shit to make him seem bigger. He loves cursing me out and just being a general asshole. He was in town for 2 weeks and before he left yesterday asked me if i needed anything from the store. He knows Im unemployed. I said no i dont need anything from you.Off the top of my head, here is what I have to eat that I have in my house. A few cartons of yogurt. peanut butter. Bread. Water. Pop tarts.  I have about 10 bucks to my name.My mom helps me when she cans, but she makes me feel like a burden. She sometimes loans me 20 bucks here and there when she can but I feel so shitty I never ask.So I asked my mom kinda subtly like if she can get me a gallon of milk, and the sigh in her voice just made me instantly regret it. I'd rather starve than have to ask someone for help. So I ended up just telling her nevermind Ill be fine. When I know damn well I wont be fine. I left out a lot of parts, but I feel like thats the gist of things.* So a TLDR version?Im a big anti social retard who has failed at every job I've had, even hates interacting with his family, has no friends, no girlfriend, no money, unemployyed, has about 2500 dollars in debt to pay, no direction in life, and is super depression with an outlook that says why do I even exist?What I would like to change.Well for starters, a job I dont feel like I want to kill myself doing. I job I can wake up in the morning and not feel like crying on the drive to it.If anyone has any good suggestions, I love computers. I have a high  WPM of 100+ per second. I love organization.  I love creativity. I hate working with the general public. Love working in a small team. All this with a basic to none experience level would be great to find. I dont even care about pay. I just want to enjoy what I do.I want to get over my social bubble. My motivation to do anything besides waking up is almost nothing. I want to have friends to talk to. I want to have a possible girlfriend to hang out with. I want to go to the gym and work out in public without feeling like shit for not being on the same level as others. I want to be able to apply for jobs without fear of rejection. Perhaps I need medication?I want to stop contemplating suicide. I want to stop imaging ways of my death. I want to stop being angry at everyone and especially myself. I want to be able to genuinely laugh and smile and not feel forced to because its a job requirement.  I want to be able to enjoy my life.Regardless if anyone replies, it felt good to think about it all. The alternative was staring at a wall silently and induce myself in self loathing.
