I have 2 friends, who I talk to almost daily over text message. We also keep in contact over other social media such as snapchat, instagram, and tumblr.I never really compared myself to them in college. I think it was because I had enough confidence (despite having depression) to get by.But it's different now.All of a sudden, it's becoming blaringly aware that I'm "the ugly friend".It's been awhile since we've all hung out in person because we all went our separate ways after college, but in about 4 weeks, one of my friends (along with her girlfriend), and I will be moving back to our college town and renting an apartment together.The 2nd friend will only be an hour away.I don't regret the decision, but I'm nervous about how I'm going to handle the constant comparing.I was feeling totally fine until a weekend ago, where no one was really saying much in our group chat.I only have 3 friends, and no significant other.I am a person who does not do well with loneliness.So when I had no one to talk to, I started overthinking.I know that my friends are under no obligation to talk to me all the time. They have their own lives.And that's the thing. I don't.I feel incredibly boring.My friends have cars that their families gave them. So they can go out and do things. They get emotional support from their families, while I just recently had to cut my dad out of my life, and my mom gives me no reply to things every time I open up to her.They each have a significant other. The girl I will be living with has had a girlfriend for about 5 years now. My other friend a boyfriend for 2 years. They tell me of their sexcapades, and while I don't mind hearing them, I just feel sad.I've been single for a year after being horribly dumped by my ex, which has made me afraid to interact with men my own age, and left me with the, "I'm going to die alone" mentality. I haven't been hit on or anything since I've been broken up with either. I don't even think I'm attractive anymore. I have a lot of things I need to fix about my looks, which is going to take a lot of money.They're both white and attractive, and I'm black and bottom of the barrell.  I'm already the least attractive just because of my skin color.But they really are beautiful, and I'm me.Just me.One lost a lot of weight after she binged ate a lot because of her own depression, and she sends me pictures of her in new clothes and showing off her stomach saying she has abs coming in.And I look at my own stomach which is gross and hate myself a little more.The other is overweight but is confident in her weight and goes swinging with her boyfriend and still finds a lot of men who want to fuck her (and does), and I sit here not remembering what a hug feels like.And I've been making constant jokes about hanging out with them and their SOs and being "the 5th wheel".But it's not really joking as much as still insulting myself but trying to be funny about it. Because I may not be physically attractive or as interesting as them, but people like those with a sense of humor.And they both know how to cook and hold conversations about makeup, and can drink whiskey straight.I'm the girl that has trouble hard boiling an egg, knows little to nothing about makeup, and can't stand whiskey, let alone drink it straight.They have jobs they enjoy at over 10 an hour and I barely make above minimum wage at a job where I had to cut hours because I was almost having panic attacks.One goes fishing and swims in the river, and other just recently visited Montreal.I am at the house watching Buzzfeed videos sipping on boxed wine because I have no transportation to go anywhere and no one to do things with.And I feel like they have more in common with each other, than me. And I wonder, "Why am I here? Why do they talk to me?"I am the ugly, boring, friend.Who when we go out will probably keep my head down because I don't want to see the eyes of men looking at them and avoiding me.Who will fake a smile when they talk about common interests with their glasses of whiskey and I pretend to not feel alone.Hide my fear of being alone in a year when the lease is up on the apartment, because I can't follow my friends forever, and the pressing reality that I may have to look for a studio apartment alone, because I don't want to live with strangers and it's hard for me to make friends.I am the ugly friend. 
