In short, I'm stuck. I'm not particularly familiar with the rules, I'm sorry if I'm doing something wrong, I don't really know how to use reddit, I'm more or less just looking for anywhere to turn to.My entire life, I've been raised kind of like Rapunzel. Well, except I'm just a prince. My parents always kept me in my room, and didn't like to tell me... anything. I'm 18 now, and I have little to no knowledge of the outside world. They told me that I was an atheist, and an introvert, and that I was smart, that the outside world is a horrific place where everyone is out to get me, and that our family was for some reason better or more evolved than other people. I never doubted this, because if I ever went against something my parents said they would physically and psychologically abuse me. I had trouble understanding anything at school because most of the time I just felt dead to the world. I've always been taught that it's pointless, so I didn't think I would have to pay attention to it. When I finished 9th grade, my parents divorced. That's about when all my mental problems blew up. I was psychotic, and had some really bad hallucinations and experiences. I thought things were going to get better because my dad was always the one who was physically abusive and he wasn't around anymore, but I never thought about my mum. After I finished 9th grade I had to drop out of school (I was "encouraged" to leave) because my self harming had gotten so bad that I started stealing and carrying around knives to use in between classes. My mum became a hundred times worse than my dad. I hate my dad, he understood that, and he hates me. Physical bruises heal, and now I don't think either of us really think about each other anymore. My mum, on the other hand, is abusive in a lot more ways, and in different ways. She's incredibly sick. Like, in her head. Like, **VERY** sick. She doesn't feed me, I basically just eat whatever her and her family leaves over. She herself only eats maybe once a day, and spends all the welfare money we do get from the government on things like books or toys, which includes the money I'm supposed to get for having mental issues. I just can't say no to her, I'm terrified she's going to blow up one day and do something stupid, like even killing me. She's currently trying to screw the government into giving her more money by saying that I'm currently seeking employment, but honestly I couldn't possibly imagine anything worse. I don't want to be an accomplice to my mum's money laundering. I actually intend to move to a different country (I live in Australia) because I hate this place, and our government doesn't even let us legally leave our state if we don't have a 100% clean criminal record. Or at least, that's what my mum told me. It might have just been to scare me, but it sounds true.I don't want to live like this anymore. I don't want to live in constant fear of my mum. Like I said, I'm 18 now, so I figure maybe now I can try to do something about it. I can't ask anyone for help, I don't even have a phone, the only working phone in the house is hers and you bet she would ask questions if I wanted to use it. I can't talk to my family, my dad's side doesn't want anything to do with me, and my mum's side are all on the same page as her. I can't just leave, because no one's ever taught me how the world works. I only recently learnt how a bus works, and that was only because I watched my mum do it. I'm in constant pain because I don't have any real place to sit while I do things like this, and I'm constantly sick or fatigued because I probably have every deficiency known to man. I've tried contacting places that have some kind of "reach out" service because that sounds like maybe it would help, but the only form of communication I have is an email or something and when you email them it just goes straight to an auto reply system that gives you a message telling you to call them instead. A few times I was begging them for help and said I cannot call but just got the same message.I have no idea what to do. I'm turning to anywhere I can. I don't know what reddit can do, maybe someone has been in the same situation and knows what I should do. I don't want to die from blood clotting or malnutrition or something, or be involved in my mum's activity. I also don't want to be forced into work just because I'm terrified of what would happen if I say no. I just want to take care of myself and try to understand what the world is and what I want to do in it. I can feel myself leaning closer and closer to suicide, but ever since I started to learn about the world and what people are really like through things like youtube (even the comments section) or reddit, all I want to do is be a part of it like I was never allowed to.Please help me.
