Reddit, i just dont get it. Icreally dont. Were are on this earth somehow, buy i just cant figure out why. I dont think im depressed, just over it really. For starters, ive pretty much always been successful. Alqays got good grades, now i get good jobs. Ive had crazy hobbies, and do a lot of mechanic work. The point beibg here is thatcim very capable and i cant say ive ever failed at anything. The closest ive gotten is falling down, but getting up to find success. But every time i get up, i find myself asking why. Why do i get up? Success is there for he who gets up, but what do i care? The feeli,g of fufillment has always eluded my grasp. Ive always had things i enjoy, work, hobbies, this, that, but ive pretty much always been bored even when getting enjoyment out of something. For example, i LOVE riding my motorcycle. Its a rush that cant be found anywhere else. But every time i get on it, i just dont understand why. Sure i enjoy it, but theres no point to it. Just riding aimlessly feeling the rush of adrenalin. Thats my hobby. Work has always been good to me, and ive always liked it. Promotions, raises, you name it. Its jever been hard. But at the end of the day, i dont get it. Sure, people do benefit from the services i provide, but theres never been a real meaning to it. Just a mindless exhange between 2 parties, Despite always doing well in school without even yrying, i hated it. Literally got nothing out of it.I dont see the point in living. I just dont. You could tell me to find new hobbies, new jobs, etc, but it doesnt work. I have tried. In fact, i thought i would symbolically kill myself by quitting my job and moving. The move went great, i was able to find a good job within 24 hours of arriving in my new town, the sun is ahining and everything is great on paper. But soon enough, the realization that it doesnt matter hit me like a freight train. Ive literally changed everything i can about myself and my life, but here i am. I want to end it. I do, my mother was sad when i moved away from her, and she thinks im depressed. I was on the phone with her today and she can tell i dont care about this adventur÷ that is life. And for the first time, she didnt tell me she loved me on the phone. I almost feel like i was released by that. Now i dont have any thibg holding me to this earth anymore. No point.Whatxhave you foubd as a point in your life?
