I'm a mother. I work from home. Husband works at a job. Between us, our days are so full there's no time to do anything. We can't afford very much outside bare necessities, and we are hardly saving anything. Any big spends set us back for months. If I'm worked up, I literally don't have the time to sit down in a quiet place and figure out what's bothering me. In the evenings, my SO and I are busy with the toddler, chores, and dinner. We sleep in different rooms for a lot of reasons. He is my only support system so I pile everything on him, and its' worn us both down. I used to be someone before. I had the time and energy and could afford to go out there and have an identity. Now, no one knows me. I can feel myself fading away into oblivion. Some days after dropping my toddler off, I sit here crying wishing I was back home (another country) with my parents and friends. There's nothing here for me but my SO. He's literally the only thing keeping me here. Its' screwed up our relationship so much that we now barely talk about things other than chores and money. I ennd up taking so much of my frustration out on him that I don't know what to do. Then he comes back with suggestions and tells me wht I need to do.. criticism. I don't get any thanks. I work by myself, so I have no peers to connect to. I'm connected to nobody. Then I lose my temper with my toddler and yell at her, and feel like utter shit. My life is so tough, I just want to curl up and die.  I just want to go back home where i know life is easier. Money will go a longer way. I'll have friends and be a calmer person. My relationship with my SO will be better.MY SO won't let us go back. We have better prospects, better money, a better life here he says. Honestly, maybe that's true in the long run. But right now when we're struggling, everything is shit. I'm a different person than i was before I came here. I don't like this person I've become. But here I am..I'm trapped.I just want to die.But I don't...I just want to go home.
