Broke, and I can not help but to feel rage over my business partners I brought on for manipulating equity shares and pushing me out of the company, out of my passion career, out of industry. I was central key founder by demonstrating technology in the VR industry back in 2013-2014.  Was approached by a number of people whom I had known for a decade but more of associates than friends... who were also business savy.  Ideal business partners imo at that time.  I agreed to team up, we got funded, conflicts and childish behaviors were exhibited by a couple of them.  We got funded in another round, the relationships became abusive.  So when I got vested with ownership of the stocks, I resigned.  Largely, b/c I found the environment so toxic, I became numb to the world.  I was manipulated by a delusional power hungry narcissist, another clown I can't even begin to describe, and a straight up former pro fighter, thug of a CFO.  The bullying drove me to near suicide.  The only reason I feel alive is b/c I escaped from their daily constant madness.  It's been 9months. But now that they occupy a segment of the market of which involves my most skilled talent, I feel traumatized to even think or associate myself in that industry.  I still own the shares and have board meetings, so I can't escape.  Phone calls while on vacation holiday weekend over "emergency board decisions" thats basically about screwing one founder 0.001% of shares to yield more power to another.   I wake every night stressed over the thought of their exisitence.  I don't know how I can escape.  I was to sell out, but I'm currently broke and can't afford lawyers.  It may also be way to early to sell out.... And i may regret later on.  Outlook is forecast is 10x valuation in a year or two.  Current networth with the shares puts me at about $10mm, current in the bank account -3k.   Phone will be cut off next month.It's my birthday, and i dread seeing facebook, cuz i know my partners on there.  Cuz I am broke, and feel like i haven't contribute to society in over 9months. And can't afford a cup of coffee. I specifically wish I could erase from my mind one power hungry jerk that was the loudest abusive, yet hardest working and valuation pumping guy.  It's like, higher the valuation is brought up of the company, the higher he is justified towards being a dick to everyone and is crafty enough to manipulate the situation to hold hostage and threatening...I mean, his last "best friend"/business partner actually did commit suicide... and I sit here, traumatized from mental anguish of debates and his weasily lawyer speak stubborness, and I completely understand why.  The guy is a walking story bending "Truth correcting" machine.  And he's on salary... I'm not.I'm lock up in anger at times, depressed at others, broke and "rich"?, lost ... oh and it's mybirthday....  wish i could get out &amp; escape.  VR has been entertaining... but feel my mind is deteriorating over the stress.tl;dr, the guy that is working to make me rich is also the most abusive power hungry narcissist manipulative Truth-correcting argumentative stubborn insanely high energy driven loudest childish workaholic.   I feel dead to the world, and my life is just waiting for the business to sell. 
