Hello good people of Reddit.  Left a TL_DR at the bottom as this stubble of text is probably confusing anyway.I previously posted on another subreddit asking for advice for escaping homophobic parents, which led to me packing up my stuff and moving all the way from Texas to North Carolina to live with my accepting brother.  Within a months time span, that fell through because I was going to become a financial burden to him if I did not find a job soon, and I moved back in with my parents.  Life isn't as toxic as before, seeing as my mom and dad seem really concerned that I went that far just to get away from them.. but that’s not what this post is about.  Honestly just wanted to give yall a bit of back story.And while Im at it, before I get into my current feelings, I should mention my childhood, just briefly.  After having numerous violent outbursts at school, I was diagnosed as autistic at a young age.  Despite my history of anger, I was also shown to have what the school counselors considered to be “average to above average intelligence”.  The only reason I would have truly bad grades in school was if I was in a bad mood.  There was no reason to think I COULDN'T do the work, just that I did not want to.  This is a problem I thought I grew out of, because around senior year of high school to my first years of college, I felt like I had finally gotten control over my life.  I was making friends, I had hobbies that I shared with said friends, my grades were good and I had a good expectation of what I was gonna do for the future.  My angry outbursts were a lot less frequent, and its been so long that I cant remember the time I was physically violent with someone.So with all that, let me discuss with you my problem now.  I apologize in advance, this will probably be hard to read logically, because I dont understand most of it myself(and I am an awful writer).  I am writing this in hopes that my fellow redditors can help me piece together what is wrong, and what I need to do.  My problem being: Lack of motivation.  Doing school assignments was problematic to me as a kid because I didnt find them interesting or even useful.  Being naive as I was, I would constantly ask teachers “where would I use this when I grow up?” and then completely ignore their logical answers.  This applied to every subject, from science(which I still question to this day, I haven't seen a diagram of an atom in years) to math(used everyday, and I am constantly showcased for being awkwardly bad with numbers).  When it got closer to preparing for a career by going to college, I got a lot more serious.  I first studied in multimedia, which was a really stupid mistake on my part because I am not creative enough to compete in that environment.  However, I quickly transferred over my degree to computer maintenance.  “This is it” I thought.  I thought I had found my niche; even if this isn't what I end up doing for the rest of my life, its a good profitable start to venture into life.  I graduated with an associates degree from a local technical school and within a few months of applying to jobs, I finally found work at a local PC repair store.  Despite my hard ships of coming out to my parents as gay at home, and an awful sleep schedule that caused me to come into work late, my boss was super understanding and worked with me.  And this is where things get confusing for me.I hated it.  It doesn't make any bloody sense, but I had absolutely no desire to work there within a few weeks.  I got a decent pay, my boss was nice and fun to talk to, as well were the customers.  One thing that stood out to me was I would mess up something, and regardless of how bad it was I messed up, it was “ok, nothing to worry about”.  There was a service call I went to for a restaurant that, due to my lack of knowledge of point of sales systems and lack of precaution, caused the restaurant to go without selling anything for a solid 15 minutes.  15 minutes of no sales, and no expectation from me that I would be able to fix it(I was having a mental break down at the time).  They eventually called the service tech for the POS system, and I went back to the shop on the verge of tears whilst being reassured that “anyone could have made that mistake”  Worst part being, I wasn't even working on the POS system itself, just on a keyboard/video/mouse switch that the server for it was connected to.  Though most of my mistakes were not that catastrophic, I still made a lot of mistakes..  I never once saw any form of punishment for them.  So the obvious take away is “just learn from your mistakes”, and that is a bit of a problem.  I have had a long history of doubting my ability, and I still cant recall a time of looking back on something I have done, intellect or skill-wise, and thought “yeah, Im a lot better about that now”.  I quit the job at the PC repair store some time last week after going on another service call for networking(something I am fully aware I am not knowledgeable about) and end up disconnecting a clients PC from the network.  Last I heard there were other issues for the PC that explained why it had no network, but me failing to diagnose that just goes to show my failure.  So, I guess what Im trying to say is… I don't feel the motivation to learn more about computers.  What I learned in school was fun, and I practically day dreamed about helping people with my knowledge.  But as soon as I got out in the real world and caused technical problems of my own that ended up costing more money…. Yeah…Since quitting my job, I have lost motivation in my other interests too.  I am posting in r/Depression because as I understand it, this is a sure sign of depression.  My hobbies have always been limited and specific, sort of a trait of autism.  I’ve been into video games all my life, and recently picked up being a music enthusiast.  IT, before the job, was also a hobby of mine.  After the job, everything has slowed down a lot.. I haven't played a single video game in weeks.  I haven't kept up with any technology news, and don’t have anything new planned for my ultimate entertainment PC.  I don't want to remix any songs, and any music I listen to is just because I cant stand it being quiet.  I haven't spoken to a lot of my friends as of late.  My best friends are still messaging me, but not much of a “conversation” is taking place.I have tried finding new interests to fill the void, to not avail.  Past few days, I have laid in bed for over 70% of the day.  If I wasn't sleeping, I would just be laying there, thinking about whatever crosses my mind.  I am questioning if IT is really a good career for me.  I wonder if there is such a thing as a good career for me.  It seems like the moment people expect me to perform well at something and pay me for it, it stops being interesting.  I've been a spoiled brat all my life.  I have eaten well, lived in a nice house, got a free ride through my college education.. I have never once spent a dollar I earned on something I needed for myself.  I know I cant live off someone else forever, and I dont want to, but… I also don’t feel comfortable trying to push myself into a position where I am useful.I feel so confused, I don't know where to go from here.  I don't think going back to school is a good idea, considering I don’t have any ideas as far as long time goals anymore.  I want to get an entry level job just to get my mind off things but taking into account my sleep schedule, not very likely I would keep one for very long.  I have talked to my doctor about these issues; he has changed up my medication but is reluctant to do anything serious(idk why).  //after reading all that I just wrote, I feel even more confused.  Im just gonna stop here and post, see if anyone has anything that might be helpful for me :(TL_DR:  After studying IT in a technical school and finding a job that suited my interests,  it stopped being interesting.  All my other interests died as well.  What is going on, and what do I need to do to move on with my life?
