This isn't anything interesting at all, may comeven sound sort of soap operish, but it's my freaking life.First of all I have 3 grown sons which in one way or another hate me, they've given me 9 grandchildren I absolutely adore.This is my life.... I got pregnant at 17 on a one time thing, on a break from my boyfriend who cheated on me while I was very sick in the hospital.  I, in turn, cheated on him, one time, probably from low self esteem rather than actual retaliation.  Me and my boyfriend got back together and decided to raise my son as ours. We had 2 more sons together,  we smoked pot, but my husband was into harder drugs I didn't know about. Through our marriage I had to be the disciplinarian while he acted liked the fun time parent.  I chose recovery,  for the sake of my kids who were getting older, I felt I needed to set a good example.  While we were married, I suffered many medical issues, especially after my 3rd son. At 26 I lost the ability to have more children which put me into a severe depression,  not that I wanted more kids, but the fact a doctor took that choice from me. He was negligent in my care and apparently had many malpractice suits as all his assets were in other people's names.  Ok, I got over that, after all I had 3 sons I loved dearly.We ended up in divorce 15 years later because I wanted to live clean. My father owned our home and because I hid all the problems I had with my husband,  I was the bad one. My husband already had plans to move to an apartment,  until my dad told me if I stayed there he'd sell the house from under me and I'd have no where to live with my kids. I ended up getting remarried to a wonderful guy who treated my son's better than their own father. My ex remarried who bought my kids with gifts, until that ended,  they had a brutal divorce. In the meantime my kids off and on chose to live with me at times. I paid for all their health care,  dental, braces, education,  first cars, plus so much other things a parent does for their child. My ex did nothing except to be a drunk, the kids accused him of molesting his daughter by his second wife. My ex continued to be their friend,  partying with them and my kids friends.  Me, still the disciplinarian, or 'the bitch' as my son's perceived it. My ex, in one of his drunken episodes,  told my oldest he wasn't his father. My son was 17 at the time and I felt not mature enough to handle the truth,  I kept quiet. At 35 I told my eldest the truth and arranged for him to meet his biological father. My son was excited and met with him several times, then nothing.  Idk, I might have hurt him worse. He's waiting for contact from his father that hasn't happened in over a month.  My bad. I neglected to tell you, I had 2 choices at 17 and pregnant,  marry my bf, not my child's dad, or stay with my parents and be forced to have an abortion,  something I couldn't live with. Mt middle son tells his kids what a great dad his father is, at 35 he will not let histand dad watch his children,  the only person he let's watch his kids is me. Meanwhile,  my 9 year old granddaughter asks me why her daddy says bad things about me and tells her how wonderful his dad is. Hard thing to explain to a 9 year old. I watched his children everyday while him and his wife worked. Again,  I feel like a piece of shit. My 3rd son had a daughter with a gf, which we are very close and dear friends.  He ended up marrying a mentally ill girl who goes unmedicated and had 2 sons with her, one is definitely not his, he sent me a recording of her saying such. The child looks nothing like him but that's OK if that's what he choses. But his new wife has threatened to leave him with the boys if he has a relationship with his daughter,  so he gave that up 3 years ago. Me and my son stopped talking 2 years ago after his daughter told me, she was only 5, my daddy broke my heart,  after she continually tried to call him and he wouldn't call her back, I confronted him, he got mad, we don't talk. B r w, he had back surgery,  his wife took off a week to care for him,  decided she didn't want to so I picked him up from surgery and nursed him back to health from 3 weeks. Which he has no problem saying I don't do anything for him. I bought all his kids everything they needed at birth because he refused to work. I did what I thought was best for my grandchildren.  I retired from my job 14 years ago to care for my middle sons firstborn. I'm not a saint but did what most mothers would do for their families. Present day, no respect or love from any of my sons, feel like dying most of the time. There's so much more it's insane,  all I did was divorce their dad in hopes to set a good example,  pushed them to do well. My oldest is successful as is my 2nd son, unfortunately my 3rd son doesn't want to work and feels he's doesn't have to,  his wife should.  I don't agree with it, but hey, if they're happy with it who am I to intrude.I also watched all my grandchildren when they were little,  enjoyed it immensely. I still can't figure out how my ex becomes their heroe while he did nothing. Most days I wish I were just dead. I wouldn't have to hurt so much,Wow, there's part of my story, it sucks. I want to add 1 more thing that floors me, my middle son told my granddaughter that I use to hit him. He got slapped once at 13 for calling me a disrespectful name, my ex called dyfs, I was investigated and the case was closed. But the big issue came by my son being disciplined and my ex making it something it wasn't.  DI'd I feel bad, certainly,  but he thought he could call me the b word because his father did.Anyway,  everyday brings me closer to the end. It's hard knowing I wasn't perfect but dI'd my best. My eldest son, 36, brings up and whines about me making him taste food that was put in front of him, like that made me abusive, guess what,  I had to eat what my mom cooked or at least taste it.So I guess being the worst mother in the world makes me want to leave.  I absolutely wish it would just happen,  no more pain.
