I don't know what to do with my life anymore. I guess I was hoping for advice, but I don't know who to ask or where to post. I guess I should start by saying I'm on multiple antidepressants and I see a psychiatrist, but I haven't gotten to talk to her about all this. Also, I'm a guy.I dated my ex girlfriend for almost a year and a half before she cheated on me. It wasn't physical, she just started talking to her ex again and sort of ended up in a relationship with him, all in one weekend. She didn't bother to break up with me first. I came across the messages just a few days after it all started. I ended things that night. I thought I was going to marry her. I loved her so much. We talked about getting married and having a family someday (we're both 20) two days before she sent him that first message. But the night we broke up, she didn't even want to think about that. She said she eventually would've broken up with me for him. She told me she loved me when I walked out the door, but she couldn't tell me why she did what she did. The school year was ending, and she said she didn't want to go long distance again for the summer. That's the best reason she could give me. A few days later, she knocked on my door and asked to talk. I noticed she was shaky, and she told me she tried to kill herself overdosing on her antidepressants that night. I took her to a hospital. She was put in psychiatric hold. She was diagnosed with mild borderline PD, among other things, and she was referred to a psychologist. I went to see her a few times when she was in the ward, but we didn't talk about our relationship. She came to visit me shortly after she got out. I stupidly started drinking the second she walked in. Alcohol made me less sad. We talked, and told me that she didn't start talking to her ex to get back together, it just happened. She said she had a few minor issues with our relationship that she didn't communicate. She said she wasn't herself, that she wasn't in the right state of mind, and that she blocked him and wouldn't ever talk to him again. But the worst was when she said she lied to me. She lied about how her and her ex broke up (she said he cheated, really they just drifted apart). She lied about having sex with him (she didn't, said she did), and she lied about nearly everything about her sexual history. Apparently I was her first. For almost a year and a half. It caused so many problems, it was brought up so much because of things she said and did over time, but she always lied. According to her anyway. She begged me not to end things. I told her I couldn't be with her after that. She said she'd change, that she'd always tell me the truth from now on, and that she was in therapy to become a better person. I resisted, because how could I be in a relationship with someone I didn't trust?Over the next month or so, she answered any question I asked her. We agreed to be friends, but now we pretty much act like we're in a relationship without being in one, sex and everything. We just have no commitment to each other I guess, except a promise to tell the other if we get involved with someone else. I started to think I could trust her more. After a while, she started talking about her day less. Her stories didn't seem to add up, and she seemed to disappear for hours at a time without explanation. I was so paranoid she was physically cheating, but every time I checked her Facebook account (she gave me the password) or looked at her texts, things were fine. We spent a lot of time alone with each other. Eventually I brought all of this up, and she explained everything. Her stories seemed to fit again. She said she just grew careless over time. She says she's working on herself, but I don't know if I can trust anything she says anymore. After a lot of questioning, I found out that she lied to so many of her friends. She's invented whole relationships to tell to people. But I don't know if she's lying to me to make it seem like she's had less, or if she's telling me the truth and lived a fake life all those years. I don't know if I'm making the right decision talking to her. So many of my friends think I should cut her off, but others tell me this might have just been a small bump in the road. What we have now is a "whatever happens, happens" kind of arrangement. We're friends, and if she can somehow regain my trust one day, then I'll consider being with her. If she breaks it or I find someone else, it's done. She tells me she'll never find anyone else, but I guess that's just expected. She still disappears for hours sometimes, but usually with an explanation like "I was sleeping" if there is one at all. She's often active on Facebook, but doesn't reply to my messages. She tells me that's a glitch and she isn't actually active, but I can't know. She changed her password after I asked her to, because having access was stressing me out. On top of all this, my parents are driving my sister to suicide and I'm trying to fix everything. And my grades suffered. There's so much going wrong. Whenever I think about any of this, I want to die. I think I'm getting better though. I haven't tried to end it or cut myself in a long time. The thing with my ex is just making it so much harder. But I think it's worse when I don't talk to her. I can't break off from her. I feel a lot better typing this out and knowing that people can offer advice, even if they don't. Thanks for being here for this tired, poorly written 5:00 AM rant. I kind of wanted to post to r/relationships or something for advice, but my ex is a redditor and would recognize this. I really hope she doesn't check this subreddit, but I don't really know why. There's really nothing here that we haven't talked about. There's so much more. So many more details. But I can't type all of them out in one sitting. I really should see someone. Sorry for the incredibly long rant.
