I'm 21.  I'm 21 and I graduate college next year, right now I'm home for the summer.  I do okay in school, but my depression has worsened during it.  My freshman year I did great.  My sophomore year I fucked up.  I tried to kill myself, I was in a coma in the ICU, then in a mental institution, so I missed a lot of school.  That screwed my gpa.  This year I did decent, but my gpa still isn't good.  I have a 2.9, I used to have a 3.4.  I'm so disappointed in myself because I know I can do better.  And I'm scared because I know it isn't great.  I'm a Philosophy major and a Holocaust and Genocide Minor.  I want to go to grad school for maybe ethical studies and then go to law school, I want to focus on civil rights.  Eventually, my dream is to be a lawyer for the Holocaust Museum in D.C.  But I'm worried I'll never get anywhere because of my grades, because of my depression that seems to rise and fall gradually.  My parents hate me, all they ever do is yell at me or criticize me.  My father threatens me, to kick me out of the house, stop paying for school, hit me, kill me.  He tells me I'm going to hell because my entire family is Christian and I'm agnostic.My mother cannot compliment me at all.  She tells me I'm ugly and fat.  The funny thing is I know I'm not fat at least.  I run every day.  I've run two marathons and did a triathlon with my sister.  She just loves to make me hate myself.Well they both got what they wanted.  I hate myself and I have for seven years, it's the root of my depression.  But they'll never admit they've had anything to do with it even though they've been badgering me forever.  They act like the perfect parents in front of everyone.  After I got out of the hospital they promised they'd change our relationship but it never happened.  Being home for the summer makes everything so much worse.  I hate living with them, being here.  When I'm at school I live with my best friend.  I have friends, sorority sisters, classmates. The point is I have a ton of friends and a big support system.  Sure school is stressful and I worry about my grades, but at least I have people to support me.  It sucks being home.  I feel so much more worthless.I just don't know how to proceed with my life.  It's never been normal.  I've been molested and raped, abused emotionally and physically by my ex.  I lost my grandparents to suicide when I was 14.  But that's normal for me I guess.  I'm used to being used and treated like a piece of shit.  It's gotten a little better though.  After my last relationship I've really tried to rid my life of toxic people the past year.  And I've done a good job of getting rid of people who didn't really care about me and only being friends with people who really love me.  I try my best to not let negative people affect me, but my biggest enemy is myself. After being treated like I mean nothing my whole life, after all of the attacks against me, I'm just such a self-depracating, self-harming and self loathing person.  When I'm alone, which is a lot, I just can't be positive.  I have a boyfriend who I love, but lately he's been very not understanding about my depression and my feelings.  Especially today when he said rude things to me and it kind of got me feeling down/thinking about things.  I just don't know what to do anymore or how to feel.  I feel like my thoughts are scrambled, my feelings even more so.  And so I felt the need to put my words here, because at least it's organized.  I can try to make some sense of how I'm feeling.  I'm a writer and a lot of times when I'm confused or upset I try to work through how I'm feeling like this.  I just hope once I come back and read this, it works.  I need to figure something out, something to fight this self loathing with so that I don't fall back into the suicidal ideating hole I was in my sophomore year.  I don't want to slip back there again, I want to be vigilant and strong, I just don't know how anymore.  I'm so tired of fighting.
