First things first, I just needed a outlet, im not looking for a pitty party or people to feel sorry for me this is just how I feel currently. I really dont know what to do. This has to be the hardest its been for me. Im 24 years old, and is struggling with health, loss, heartbreak, debt, and other financial problems. Ive made really stupid decisions throughout my life but I wouldn't think it would come back to bite this hard.I guess I can start with my health. I am obese, but the only bright side to that is I've actually been exercising to become healthier but I am still viewed as intimidating to the public. Im a nice person but my appearance would keep people avoiding me.Like I said I made stupid decision. I met a girl from the school library 5 years ago who actually found interest in me. I later found out she wasn't from the same state and she asked me to move in with her. So without thinking I did. We were both virgins and we took each other's virginity. I thought I was on top of the world, until the relationship got rocky around year 3, but I loved her unconditionally and I thought she loved me the same, so I would compromise. Until about 6 months ago I lost my job. I immediately started looking for jobs and was unlucky. About 5 months ago (1 month of unemployment) she kicked me out and claimed she wanted to live alone (funny because she never worked and just received money from her parents). I had to move back to my parent's place and thats when I found that her Facebook account was linked onto my laptop. I found DM's of her talking to a guy and meeting up with him while I was working to bring in money. She told him that I was out and that she wanted him to move in with her. I felt betrayed and heartbroken. Ive lost friends because of her. Ive missed times with family because of her and I feel like its my fault. I've been hit with opportunities of cheating but was too in love to be unfaithful. I thought it was love but I was mistaken.With the depression of not having a job, and losing my 5 year relationship to cheating, I didn't think my life could get worse. But on 5/14/16 my mother passed away while running a marathon. I for the first time in my life completely shut down. Everything hit me at once. The fact that I moved away from home not see her for years at a time. The fact she was the one who loved me unconditionally. The fact I will never see her again has put me into an endless feeling of sorrow. A pain that is unexplainable. Losing the real love of my life has put me in a deeper depression.With everything that has happened I still remain unemployed. If you do research you'll know where I live. I stay in the poorest state in the US, meaning that securing a job here is difficult. I since gotten job offers in states like IL and CO but I have no fund to get me out there. I need money for myself and I have college debt to pay. I have 3 younger siblings and we are down to 1 income. Ive been trying to find way to get money and its becoming stressful. I even signed up for gofundme then I deleted it because I felt embarassed asking for money. I even for a split second thought about stooping into the criminal element for cash. At this point I feel like a burden to my family, to this world, and to myself.Im just not doing well mentally, emotionally, or financially. I constantly find myself reminiscing about my life 4 years ago. I dream about my mother most nights and I wake up sadden and still in mourning. I still have nightmares about my ex cheating on me, in which I wake up depressed and angry. I cant control what I dream but everytime I dream about my ex it makes me want to take my brain and kick it out the window.I decided to post this because last night while driving home (with barely any gas), everything hit me at once and I told myself if I hit the gas and run into a tree or fly off the bridge, all the nightmares, all the stress, all the pain will end. I feel lost and alone most days but no amount of family, facebook friends, or random people can tell me anything to make me feel better. I think about ending it everyday now but I guess im too pussy to actually take my own life. I just dont know what to do.
