Let me just take the time to thank all of you first-responders on this subreddit. I don't respond to nearly enough posts on here so I understand if I don't get many responses myself. Is it wrong to be triggered by someone graduating? It's the time of year where glancing at facebook is out of the question with all the notifications. I already promised a friend that I'd be at his grad party today which combines my existing anxiety with a social one. But I know I have to go. It means a lot to him and I know I'd just lay in my bed all day if I declined. I'm not jealous or spiteful of his or anyone's success I just hate being compared to it. I can't even tell my family where I'm going. I don't think I can survive another "I'm concerned about your future" lecture and I do mean that literally.I'm a ghost in my own house. I can't really talk to anyone other than my little sister. She's graduating high school next year. Won't that be embarrassing; Having your sister enter college when you couldn't even finish. All of this is just context. I guess the point of this post is I don't know how long I'm going to last. This isn't some emergency SOS. I don't think I'll ever write one; If I do kill myself it'll be sober and methodical unlike most of my other decisions. I'm paralyzed with anxiety. I don't go anywhere, I don't do anything and so far everyone I've ever spoken to online and in real life only tells me it gets worse. Like the prospect of having a job and being busy actually terrifies me. Not terrifying like night terrors or our presidential candidates but the slow life-sucking sort of terrifying.I'm probably just a spoiled millennial and you have all rights to dismiss me as such but I'm sick and tired of hearing "You're what's wrong with this generation." "You're unemployable" "Everything you've done is easy. It only gets harder from here"Like no shit, I know I'm unemployable, THAT'S WHY I'M UNEMPLOYED. I have all this pressure to man up and grow the fuck up, while at the same time the same people make it sound as unattractive as physically possible. I'd much rather be miserable on my own terms and if necessary end myself on those terms too. If this is as free as I'll be then I'd be a damned fool to stick around.
