For starters, let me just say I've never been diagnosed with depression, or sought it professionally. The most I've done to come to the conclusion I'm battling it, is my own research. Sorry if this turns lengthy. It's late, I'm tired, and just want to this off my chest. I'm just wanting to rant, and if there's a better place to put this, just let me know. But, over the past couple of years, I've felt a continual battle to not let it overtake me. I feel like I'm clawing myself out, only for something to push me back down. It really began, 7-8 years ago, when I began to feel hopeless as I was working towards my degree. I was going for Journalism, and saw the print media was dying. I've always had a knack for writing, and felt like the one thing I was going for - wouldn't be there.So, I bottled it up, and dove into something I enjoyed - online gaming. I let that take over, leading to me not going to classes, and eventually withdrawing. The worse part was I hid this from everyone. I built lie, after lie, to cover it up. And it tore me up from the inside. I've always been someone who overthinks, and looks into things WAYYY more than I should have. I was terrified to tell my parents, and every time I lied - the hole got bigger and bigger. I did move back in with my parents, and got a part-time job, that I still have to this day....but that's another sinkhole. Feels like I'm working at a deadend, and there's no chance of me making any headway.Maybe 3 years ago, I broke down, and told my brother about college. I almost fainted when he was supportive. He put his arm around me and apologized because he didn't know I was carrying such a burden. So, I thought, things were picking up...then a nightmare started. My mom, began having trouble with balance. She went to a couple of doctors, and the initial diagnosis was Neuropathy. But, she continued to get worse, and after a couple of doctors later, it was found to ALS. I pray no one has to watch someone deteriorate in front of their own eyes, like I did, or my father did. 7 months after being diagnosed with ALS, my mom succumbed to the disease. She died 5 months from her 68th birthday, with us around her. Things stabilized as best they could. It was really just my dad and I. He wouldn't admit it, but he was battling depression himself, after watching the woman he'd been married to for 41 years (and known longer than that) die in front of him. He fell into a rut, and I had to help him get out of it. And he was, slowly.Everything went to Hell on Wednesday. I came home from work, to him sitting on the couch. He was telling me about going to a friend's house because they were going out to eat, and asked if I wanted to go. I passed, as I was feeling tired and wanted to take a nap.Maybe 20 minutes later, he hollered up the stairs to me he was leaving, and we both said "See you later tonight!" That would be the last time I'd talk to him.Roughly 2 hours later, I awoke with a start. Not the groggy, gradual way you normally wake up. I had a few missed calls from my dad's friend, but thought nothing of it. Assumed they were just calling to see if I was going. My work called me to see if I was okay, and found out 2 people (my uncle and his gf) were frantically looking for me. I called my dad's friend, assuming maybe my dad fell and was being taken to the hospital.After 1 minute on the phone, I fell to the floor, and feel like I've been there since. My dad had died. He fell and hit his head on concrete. We don't know - and will never know - if he had a stroke, a heart attack, or what that caused it. I immediately called my brother, who drove with his family over night. I didn't sleep but maybe 2 hours on Wednesday, and it feels like I've been in a blur and numb to the world since. In less than 1 1/2 years, I've loss both of my parents. My dad the worse. We looked out for each other, and talked about doing things together. I casually mentioned I wanted to travel to Europe and take a train ride/tour. I found out Thursday he really wanted to do it too. We'd discussed doing things this weekend around the house, as I was off for the weekend. My brother was bringing his family on the 4th of July, and we talked about him going on a small trip with them to spend time with his 3 grandchildren. But none of that will happen. And it's tearing me apart. For the record, I have had thoughts of suicide. But, I've always said to myself "You're bigger than that. You're not a coward. That is taking the easy way out." And it's kept me alive this long, and I don't see a scenario where I'd allow it to get beyond brief moments of weakness.I've seen countless outpouring of support from friends and family through Facebook and over the phone, texts, and some in person. So, it's helped, somewhat.But, it still feels like nothing will pull me out of it this time. I don't have any motivation to fight, and just want to slip into this hole - into obscurity. I don't want to be alone, but don't know what I do to NOT be that way. I mean is this all me dealing with the loss of my dad, so suddenly? One minute I'm okay, next I'm in a daze, then I'm balling my eyes out.I just don't know what to do. I'm just going through the motions. 
