What a time to be alive huh? I spend a week feeling okay, then boom. Everything gets turned to shit. My cousins son drowned in a very suspicious way. Ive been drinking a lot more then usual but I havent been getting drunk. I dont understand what is going on. I swear I can feel the emptiness in the people that I meet but yet they look so alive, enjoying things as if nothing was going on. I was fine 5 hours ago. Now look at me. I saved my friend from killing herself a couple days ago. Yet I dont want to live myself. Why did I feel like I had to save her but not myself? She pushed my chest in anger and then cried while she hugged me. Her boyfriend was cheating on her. Because of some asshole she felt like her life wasnt worth anything. I had to sit there and lie to her telling her that theres something worth living for. That she mattered. That she had a purpose on this world. We didnt tell anybody about what happened. Now a couple days later shes working, going out with her friends. Like nothing happened. She told me that I should smile more. That she likes me when im laughing. What kind of shit is that? She obviously doesnt know about my state of mind and she never will know. This whole thing is pathetic. You know sometimes I wish that I had superpowers. I swear I would kill every single rapist, murderer, pedophile, and anybody why hurts innocent people and when I feel like my job is done I would off myself too. I have to sit here and live in the same world as a guy that fucks little kids. Or a guy who rapes women and gets away with it. Or with these idiots that kill people simply because of religion. People that do horrible shit but enjoy life a million times more then I do. I just want to be happy. But I cant. I keep having nightmares that my niece and nephew die and there was nothing that I could do to save them. I have dreams that Im with my siblings and we are all happy in a beach somewhere and then I wake up. I wake up and I feel like shit because my brother is working two shitty jobs that I know he hates. My sister has 2 kids that she loves but she cant give them everything they deserve. I get mad at her because she had both children by choice yet her life was never together. I dont judge her for doing it, but why? Why would you bring children into this horrible existence? It doesnt make sense to me. I cant wrap my head around it. How are people able to do it? How?? I have too much on my mind and not a single soul can hear me. what the fuck people. 
