Lurker here, and I just wanted to get some of my feelings out because honestly, I'm not sure what I can do anymore as of late. Some background info: I was diagnosed with Depression, Anxiety, and some other stuff back in February after I tried hanging myself in my closet. I spent a week in the mental hospital, and there, I learned about the little things in life that made everything so enjoyable. I realized how much I missed my bed, my sketchbooks, my clothes, and other things. After leaving the hospital, I was initially "happy" for the first few days. Then, the reality of life just kind of hit head-on rather unexpectedly. I go to therapy once a week, and family therapy once a month (since I'm a minor).Anywho, my original supports and reasons to keep on living was my family and friends. Fortunately, I'm lucky to have such caring family members and caring friends. They all wish I would get well soon and offer their help and ears whenever. I know I'm blessed with this fact, and I do really appreciate it all.But, I can't tell them anything anymore. Before I went to the hospital, I would have. I would reach out for help, and they would offer their support completely. However, there was this intense feeling of guilt that I couldn't just shake out of, and I just ended up getting more sad and down. The whole reason why I almost hung myself in the first place was because of this guilt. I had told a few friends how I truly felt, and then they started arguing with one another because they didn't really understand what my depression is like. In fact, I had one friend that I reached out to tell me "Just get over it" and implied if I couldn't, I was weak. After that incident, I lost my best friend and I stopped trusting everybody with my feelings. My biggest support, my mother, makes me feel the most guilt. Knowing the struggles she went through back when she first immigrated to America makes me feel like a failure. As a single mother, she had to juggle around so much for my sister, my brother, and me. She came to America knowing absolutely no English and went through so much obstacles. She’s been diagnosed with some rare case of Hep B that affects her liver severely, and in the past she had to abandon her eldest son because she couldn’t afford to keep all of our family together anymore. At one point, we were homeless and had to beg for food. But that was in the past, and now she looks forward to the future. Honestly, I look up to my mother. I’m not even sure how she managed to survive through all of that, for I surely wouldn’t have. But to this day, she stills struggles a lot with her own problems like the bills and other things. Having her worry about me makes me extremely guilty and I can’t handle it anymore.Which brings me to today. Originally, I had one outlet I knew I could have depended on to get all my feelings out. I see two therapists twice a week, and one of which was a “Skills Coach” who would help me find ways of coping. Since he was just there to help me figure out alternatives to cutting (I used to cut but stopped after my mom started checking my skin), I didn’t feel any obligation to tell him everything like I did with my main therapist. Initially, I could have told him whatever I wanted to, and it would’ve just been between us. With my main therapist, whatever I said would be alerted to my mom, and that would just cause more guilt and pain for me and her. Anyway, I recently had a therapy session with my skills coach and I was ready to vent all of my feelings out to him, but then I was notified there was a change to the contract.If I reported something that might have insinuated that I recently self harmed, or plan on doing so, he would have to report it to my mom. I was devastated, because I didn’t want my mom to know any of these things anymore. I tried finding loopholes, suggesting that it was my “friend” I was describing. But the contract covered that part as well. If he suspected that I was trying to hide the fact, he would need to report it to my mom regardless.I bit my tongue and lied my way for the first time with him. “Things are alright.” “Nope, no self harm.” “No plan”It really hit me hard when I got home. I felt completely alone.I can’t tell my friends any of this anymore, because I already had tried to and it didn’t work out. Their worry would cause more guilt which would result in me feeling a whole lot worse.I can’t tell my mom, because I already had. Telling my mom I had cut just made her so upset and this intense feeling of guilt erupted within me. Now she asks to see my skin everyday, asking if I’m ever sad, wondering what I was up to. She really is caring mother, but that wonderful quality just made it worse. Every time she would do any of those things, guilt always comes to me.And now, I can’t tell my therapist anymore. The last place/person I thought I could really express myself without fear, disappointment, or guilt stopping me.Being this alone makes me feel so… hopeless. Last night I was choking myself (because choking doesn’t really leave a big scar/mark and it’s accessible) when the scariest thought hit me. I could end it right then and there I realized. I could hang myself, or asphyxiate myself. I spent 10 minutes thinking about the consequences, the permanent sadness of my friends and family I leave behind, but at that point I didn’t care.I convinced myself that this was all just a game. “They only exist if I exist.” “When I cease to exist, so will they.”My thoughts are everywhere, and I’m at a lost of what to do. Sorry for the long post and all the mistakes and typos littered about.
