whenever i do badly at anything (which is pretty much everything, by the way, since i'm trash at everything), i'm just overwhelmed with self loathing.  i actively berate myself for being so fucking stupid and worthless, i tell myself that i should kill myself (i never fucking will though because i'm also the biggest pussy on earth), i hit the nearest object, pace, yell.  i'm just so fucking full of anger at myself, and not because i lost a video game or fucked up cooking.  every time i fuck up one thing, it dredges up the memory of every failure i've ever had in my miserable life, and the weight of it all bears down on me like a ton of bricks because it's just another on the long list of reminders that i'm actual human trash and i should just fucking die, except i'm such trash that i'll never actually man up and kill myself like i know i fucking should.  and it's all my fucking fault.  my parents are great.  i was brought up well, never abused, never pushed to perfection.  i bring it all on my fucking self, and some part of me fucking likes it.  it's a conscious choice; i've been in one of my moods, thoughts have crept in about how i could just stop feeling that way, and i just throw them away and go back to hating myself.  because some sick part of me likes it, needs it.  because when i do it, i can play the victim, and blame all my problems on my depression, but deep down inside i know that it's fully within my power to not be such a fucking crybaby, and that i'm doing it all on purpose.  i CHOOSE not to go to therapy, i CHOOSE not to help myself.  i don't fucking want to get better, because then i'll have to actually deal with my own problems instead of blaming them on being depressed.  and then i think about that and it's just a reminder of how much of a fucking tumor i am on this planet, how i'm worse than trash and i need to fucking die but i can't even be bothered to pick up a gun and kill myself, do something good for a change.  that said, i'd probably fuck up suicide too.  after all, i ruin everything else.i don't even know why i'm posting this.  i've come here and to suicidewatch before; it doesn't help shit.  i get a bunch of pretty words in the comments and feel better for a few hours (because i'm just that fucking shallow that that's all it takes for me to feel better, just some god damned compliments. christ, i'm even bad at being depressed), but then i just fuck something up and it all goes to hell.  but here i am.  i don't even fucking know what i want out of this post, but here's a question: how do you cope with failure, and how do i apply that to coping with being a walking talking pile of subhuman trash?
