Hi guys,This is my first post and the first time I am telling my story.I am 19 and I am depressed. What led me to write this is last weekend I broke down completely. I was talking to a friend I made online. We were pretty tight. After knowing her for a while she told me she was depressed. At the moment I didnt know I was aswell. And she ignored me for about a week. She came back and we played games every night and had a lot of fun. About 3 months ago she was talking less and less. She started to ignore me. And it felt bad and I felt worthless, unappreciated and hated. My birthday was coming up and I asked her if she would be online she said yes. I was excited cuzz I hadnt heard her voice in weeks. I invited friends for the actual party a week after my actual birthday they all blew me off. The 4 friends I thought I had disappeared. The day of my birthday it got late but I gave her time because she was american I was dutch. It was after midnight and decided to text her. She said no. She said she forgot and never came. Even though in the morning I asked her what day it was and she said it was my birthday. The night went by slowly me being emotional paranoid about losing her and  I decided to text her again. I was mad and I didn't think with my head. It was stupid. She ignored me for a whole week. I kept messaging her daily. The day before the party she blocked me I was gone me was gone. Party went by and I finally got to bed feeling like crap. The day after I heard my internship got canceled due the company quitting. I needed it to graduate for college. Everything was falling apart and 2 month past and last weekend I got to talk to her again we had fun but it didnt last long. We talked and I completely broke down. I was crying for the first time in years. She comforted me to some extent. The next days went by with her partially ignoring me. Until we had a pretty fun discussion and arguing about it. She suddenly got mad and blamed me and how I was to blame for everything that happened between us. The months before were like hell for me. The one person I could talk to and the person I somewhat loved was gone. Only for her to come back and blame me. For everything.This was the period I found out I was depressed. Although I thank her for making me realize I am depressed. I am pissed that she blames everyone but herself. It isnt suprising I was depressed and had no friends. I was bullied all through out high school and I had no one outside high school to hang out with. So I had no one. I always played games on my pc but I played them more and more untill the point where my pc mattered more than anything. Ibpassed high school. Got in college. I only have a few more months to go.Gaming was my exhaust system. I loved it until 2 years ago and started to enjoy it less and less. Gaming didnt distract me anymore. The addiction was gone. The only reason I still play is I have nothing else to do. I dont want to go outside and meet people cause they are going to leave me again. Im just done with this shit. I love her for what she made me feel. I want to feel that again the happiness she gave me for a while. So ive been trying to puck myself up. Its not working. At all.... I go to sleep at 7 in the morning and wake up at 5. doesnt matter  what time I go I cant get up. At all. It feels like i am paralyzed.I want a social life again im not sure how to go about it. I need friends, I want friends, I want a girlfriend. And I want to be loved. I dont want this anymore. Idk where to start. I cant just go into a cafe and talk to people right. Cuzz its weird. I cant just ask out the cashier at my supermarket to go out with me. Btw she is super cute cx. I wont stop trying she'll be mad if she heard that I tried to kill myself. She might be the reason I am still alive.If anyone wants to chat pm me cuzz the internet is the only place rn where I feel comfortable.
