TL;DR I feel like I used 'depression' as an excuse to get out of a difficult situation. VERY LONG STORY So I am a uni student in my very 1st yr and I had my May exams coming up. I didn't study as I lost complete motivation around January time , before I worked moderately hard, but by Jan I fell off and never came back since.I had a lot of trouble in uni, I definitely know that my anxiety as risen and as a result I skipped uni a lot , I had trouble making friends and I was unhappy but not depressed. When at uni I felt very self-conscious and made it a habit to run home as soon as lessons were done or even go home if I had 1 or 2 lectures/ seminars left. I had uni everyday and I finished lessons often around 4 or 5pm and started from as early as 9 and as late as 10am Anyways as soon as May rolled up I had planned to bomb my exams because I wasn't studying, and I felt like it was too late. My family started to get involved and my sister enforced that I try to do my exams in August even if that’s means I lie. She happened to know and be friends with a doctor who was willing to write a fake doctors note at a fee and so I planned to use a broken leg as an excuse. However, this idea fell through so in the last minute I decided to go through the depression route. I think my family saw it has very random and I know many of them judged me for it (which I completely get) However, In January when I was feeling very low and I actually contacted my uni counsellor to get help and we had one hr meeting but the waiting lists was very long so we never did it again even though the counsellor said I needed extra sessions. I was desperate so i contacted my local doctor and had sessions with them and they send me a therapy doctors number to call. I chickened out because I was scared to go therapy and I never really got an help. Now flash forward to May and I contact both my uni counsellor and my local doctor and told them my feelings. I think they suspected that i wanted evidence in the form of letters to give to my uni so I can postpone my exams until August. But they did comply. Now i have been in contact with the therapy thing my local doctor prescribed and I have a group meeting session tomorrow (the waiting list was very long)I was very honest with my counsellors and they did see some deep rooted issues so I do feel grateful that I contacted someone but I feel that I exploited the system a bit. One thing that weighs on my mind heavily is that my brother told me to lie about being suicidal which I felt was wrong and I didn’t want to say it but he convinced me to say it. I only said it to my local doctor on the phone and the minute I said it I immediately regretted I didn’t even sound convincing tbh. When I spoke to my uni counsellor I explained I was not suicidal not even a little because I’m not but that I feel like I placed little significance on my life in the sense that I don’t care about my future and I had little to no motivation to fix it. Moreover, the worse part is that I haven’t even attempted to start any work. I have been at home since the end of April and I rarely leave the house probably for work but even at work miss so many days. I haven’t seen my friends since April and I just feel a loss of motivation. I have certainly see a change in how I am, as I stopped showering and I never clean my clothes I feel like a use as a way from stopping myself from leaving my house but I still continue normal activities. I just stay at home. My family are angry at me and see me as lazy and they think that me saying that I suffer from depression was all a lie and that I exploited the system. I feel like I did but other times I feel like I have some problems as I haven’t touched my school book or my laptop since I last stepped into my uni which was April. I know that I do have legitimate problems with myself and even problems with my family but I feel like saying that would just be giving myself an excuse so I won’t bother. I feel really bad especially when I read on the subreddit, I feel like I am not depressed despite what my counsellors say, I feel like I lied. I just wanna say I’m sorry to you guys. 
