I'm overly sensitive about everything and everyone. If I upset someone or if someone is ignoring me, I get crazy depressed and I wonder what is wrong with me. My family is pretty poor, getting around 12,000 a year- but it's better than nothing, I guess. I can't get a job because I think my mom is withholding information from the social security card people just so I don't work. If I work, the food stamps go away. If I work, I might get enough money to get out of this town, leaving her no money (because she lives off my existence. She hasn't worked since I was born, I'm free money. If I leave, the money leaves) and virtually no home. She sucks up to me so much because she knows she needs me. We have no car, it's hard to get places. Meaning no outside activities like I used to do, like choir, musicals, art club- all that jazz. We moved recently and the fact that we moved only proves how selfish my mom is. She moved because it is better for her. The fact we moved, ruined my future and it's going to take a while to make sure it won't be ruined any further. I won't go into the details of that. I stopped liking art. People used to comment and say they love my art and I used to thrive off of that. But now? God, it hurts to draw. It hurts to do anything that reminds me of my real home. And if I don't draw, I don't improve. And if I don't improve, I won't have a future in art. And you know what? I don't want to do art as a career. In fact, I kinda hate art. I'm really good at it, but I despise it. And if I don't want to do art, then what am I going to do? Graduation is closing in and it doesn't look like I have enough time. I'm a relatively smart kid, I get good grades and my reading level is that of someone in their second year of college (I'm in 9th grade. The school made us take a test for reading level, and that's what the results were- I'm really sorry if any of this is coming off as narcissistic) and until now, I don't flaunt that fact. But everyone. Hates. Me. Why? I'm not really anti-social. I can be, in some periods when I feel a lot of people's loathing. I don't understand. And you cannot say that they don't. They taunt me when I try and speak up in class. I help them with some of their homework, but I'm picked last in gym (it doesn't matter if I'm good at the sport or not, mind you. They picked their friends who sucked). I'm depressed, basically all the time because before I moved here, I got along well with everyone. But now it's like everyone hates me. And sometimes, like today... I honestly feel like killing myself. I mean, no one likes me expect for a few friends (and even those friends are questionable), I live in a shitty place, I am poor, I've always had bad thoughts about my body ("who could love /that/?"), and the cliche unrequited love. Plus my brother has been ignoring me for about two years EVEN though we live in the same city. He hasn't come to visit me, he hasn't texted me- and I know he works nights. He was the person I loved the most, the one I looked up to and worshiped. Not one word. Not one visit. In fact, the first time I've seen him in years was when I stopped by my aunts and he HAPPENED to be there. He told me he couldn't stand being anywhere near our mom. She's done some pretty horrible things in the past to him- but that doesn't excuse him. At all. I probably have some more problems but honestly... I don't want to think about them. Look, what I'm trying to say is that even though I think about dying quite a lot and I think what it would be like it slit my kneck or cut myself- I don't do it. I'm not stupid. I know of the  repercussions it brings. I've seen it everywhere. The news, Internet, even close friends. But I don't do it. I want to, I really want to. And when I'm at school, so many people get loving attention from their friends and sometimes complete strangers when they see the scars on their body or hear about their attempted suicide. I hear people talking about their problems to others and I see them comfort eachother. I want that. But you know what? I can't have that. I'm just not good enough for it. I've tried it a couple of times but came up with blank stares. They don't care. Not when it comes to me, the one who says nothing about their problems and only comforts. I'm sorry, I just needed that out. 
