I dont know what to do anymore. I just want to rant and talk.  Thats one of the problems though i want to talk but i dont have anyone to talk to.  My family is dead. My best  friend im pushing away. I want to talk bht there just isnt anyone there. I know what people will suggest that i go toa doctor or therapist. But i cant if i go to the hospital im a white male between 18 and 65. So im fucked for assistance programs. The craapy wage slave job i have isnt enough to live on. I live ib a small town that cant even get someone to run the psych center. The last time i went in the "doctor" they had me talk to wasent even there and just skyped it.  So he literally just phoned it in. How the frell are you supposed to figure out what is wrong with someone over the figgin phone in less time it takes to get a pizza delivered. I just want it to end.  I dont want to die or kill myself. I just want it to end. Im tired of sufferung with depressio  and anxiety.  I just finished yelling at my friend over some stupid bs.  It just made tbungs worse but i dont know what to do.  Im scared.  Im tired and just dont want to be anymore. I've tried the hospital but unless i tell them i want to kill myself i cant get any help for months and even then its a little impersonal sessio to see what kund of drugs they can throw in me to turn me into a zombie so i stop complaining.  So my only choice if i go to a doctor are to take drugs that make me feel nothing in addition the the severe diarrhea and host of other side effects. Ive tred that it doesent work.  If i wanted myself mentally gone id just kill myself.  It would be a lot less suffering. But as i said i dont want to.  Because as much as i despise my existence i know thinks CAN be better and if im dead they never will. But at the same time i cant see anything ever improving. I've been getting worse as time goes on.  I Want to just quit myjob and go away.  And i would if i knew it wouldn't kill me.  But i cant.  Instead I'm here writing this mwhining about how bad my life sux.  I know other people have problems.  I know other people have it worse.  But i do t know.  I dont know what goes on in other peoples heads just mine. I want help but i dont know where to go for it. Friends, one that im pushing away. Family is all dead. I cant afford to go to the hospitol. Ans i cant get assistance because of who i am.  People completely ignore the problem of being a white male that there are no assistance programs for us. If i was female sure, black sure, brown sure,  foreigner sure, child sure, old sure, but if you are a white male between 18 and 65 you are royally bent over and had at it wit the scepter of privilege. I want to get things fixed but i dont see it ever happening.  Not that i don't think it could happen but i think winning the lottery would be more likely. I just want the suffering to end.  I want to be able to get the help i need without being forced to take drugs that chemically lobotomise me. Im already dealing with the permanent side effects of the last stuff i was on. I despise with the fire of the death of a thousand suns the situation i am in and the society that put me here. I want to just run away but i know i would just end up starving to death or worse.  I know it cant be worse. I could be as broken physically as i am mentally.
