I remember the first time I thought about suicide was when I was 13. The thought of it has come and gone in waves, but it's always been there, always a little voice in the back of my mind saying, "You know, if this is too hard, you could always kill yourself!"I see little value in myself. There is nothing of value there that can't easily be replaced. Some people might say that's not true, that every single person matters. Do they? I feel like I'm just garbage, a fleeting mistake made in the heat of the moment. I don't provide anyone with anything substantial, and if I try, I'm reminded I'm not good enough.The only good thing about me is drawing, and I produce subpar work. Of course, the only way to get better is to try, right? I feel it's a bit funny in that sense, that my lack of talent represents me. Oh I'm a good person, I just have all this emotional fat that makes me a totally shit person but if you cut around it, I'm just sorta okay~!I realize people are shades of gray. Some excel in certain aspects, while completely failing in others. Me, though? I feel like I rolled a D&amp;D character and every roll was below 5. Sorry if that's nerdy, but it's the only way I can describe it.I'm told I'm a good person, but I don't believe it. Good people make mistakes. *I fuck up*. There's never any "bouncing back" for me. I'll make a mistake, then do my best to reprimand myself to make sure I don't do it again, but it happens again anyways. I'm a lost cause.I've contemplated killing myself. I mean, I always sort of run little logistics in my head about it. *If I was driving down the road here at 50 miles an hour and smashed into oncoming traffic, how likely am I to die?* My only issue is I don't want people worrying about cleaning up after me. Someone having to clean up a pool of blood and brain matter would just be symbolism as to one of the many reasons I want to do it in the first place.Reddit, when you're annoying, messy, clumsy, stupid, pathetic, socially idiotic, emotionally stunted, childish, freakish, ugly, a loser, dress like a 5 year old, airheaded, slow, etc. what else is there to do **BUT** either perpetually whine about it or kill yourself?I don't want to try improving anymore. I've tried and tried to have others like me, let alone myself since the 4th grade. Other people don't have to worry about "improving" or "self-reflection". They live their lives without the thought of suicide ever entering their minds. I feel I'm suicidal because it's my brain reminding me I'm a defective strand in the gene pool and that it'd do the world a favor if I wasn't part of it.I shouldn't be here anymore. I should have went when I was 13, honestly. I don't have any methods of really killing myself right now, which is frustrating.
