Before I even start this, I know it's going to be long, sorry. It's kind of a start to finish with recent things in more details. y.I have been depressed for a very long time. I can remember being 8 or 9 and telling my music teacher that I wanted to die. My mom pulled me out of that school until I went back to my original school. But it didn't get better really. A few years later I was the focus of abuse from my mother. Both verbally and mentally and I resorted to self-harm (though I was careful not to leave scars) throughout all of jr high and high school. And then during high school and my first semester of college, I was sexually abused, which didn't help. I eventually dropped of college because I was sent to the psych ward for a panic attack and was forced, by a "friend", to admit that I had self-harmed (which they took as I was suicidal immediately). A few months later I finally got away from my mother and moved in with a boyfriend who turned mentally abusive about a year later, and yes still self-harmed during this time... my current boyfriend has been nothing but supportive and understanding, and, again, during this time I was sexually abused and almost raped by a very close friend, and I've still cut myself. He has been amazing especially during that, but despite everything i have still been depressed and cut myself. I have been really good and okay but recently ... I don't mind saying this on the internet and hope I don't get to any backlash... I slipped and became very, very depressed a few months ago and kept demanding that my other roommates give me the razor blades that they had taken from me because I was over taken by the need to cut myself. They did give me my razors back and I felt comforted by the fact that I had them and didn't feel the immediate need to use them. I was very drunk at this point, and so was my boyfriend. Tiny bit of back story, I had been asking him if he would "help me" because we have a er .. dom/sub relationship... because i didn't want to cut myself anymore... so that night, I'm not sure, I know he was trying to help, and it was just supposed to be one of my standard cut that I did, but he got up and took a blade to my arm and cut down to just above the muscle. I know he was trying to help, and I'll never blame him for it, though he does and he is paying for my stitches and anything else he can. I told myself after that night i would never want to self harm again and that I would be fine. But I'm still depressed and I still get that urge to cut myself, constantly. I had made an offhand comment to a friend, but didn't think it held true value, that I had been depressed every since he had known me, and he agreed but that it wasn't anything I couldn't handle. Now with my current state, having had to quit a decent paying job because of anxiety, and now working in fast food that is very very stressful (and hurts the cut arm because I'm not supposed to be lifting with it yet or stressing it out), I've just become apathetic and don't want to be touched and get tired of a conversation a few minutes in... I'm just not sure what to do... I've begun drinking a lot more to try and de-stress and it helps but every once in a blue moon it affects my work. I've tried antidepressants once and they made me so much worse that I just stopped taking them and vowed never to take them again. I've dealt with anxiety and a number of other mental health issues as well but have been rejected by therapists and had no help... But since that comment from my friend I'm wondering if i should try antidepressants again because at this point I've been depressed for about 13 years with no reprieve. Any just... advice or compassion or community might help at this point.... pleaseTLDR; been depressed for 13 years after a series of abuse and would like help or a sense that I'm not alone
