I'm 17 years old, I don't know if you guys get a lot of youngsters here or not but I don't know where else to turn to. Ever since I got over my initial depressing phase 2 years ago, I moved and it started all over again and has gotten pretty bad lately. I moved the summer after freshman year, the later part of it was the highlight of my life. I was doing everything I though teenagers are supposed to do, do dumb shit with my buds, mess around with my girlfriend, stay up all night drinking mountain dews and playing video games at my friends house, drinking beers, it was the life for me. I was happy for the first time in a long time. Then I had to move to Arizona from Iowa. My father was unable to work in the humid Iowa climate because of his arthritis. Our house fir for a family of 7 was empty from his 3rd wife leaving. The move devastated me. We were to move one month after school got out. I had one month to be happy with my childhood friends and a girl who had been my first everything. We had shared our stories and been with each other in times of need. She meant a lot to me. Had been there when my friends abandoned me in times of need. Offered a shoulder to cry on and an ear to listen. We eventually had to call it off. School started in my new town which was 4x bigger than my old. It was quite a shock to me. Kids acted different, fads and the culture were different from my small town. I quit football, soccer, and wrestling because I felt it wouldn't be the same without my friends and team. I did eventually get into mountain biking because my dad wanted me to do something. I adjusted okay, found a new girl to fill the void left from my ex. I was pretty chill with everyone on the bike team and befriended the senior who drove me to practice. He helped me to get with that girl I liked.Anyways, all was relativity okay besides not having any close friends or male companionship besides my older brother and dad I saw once every couple weekends. Summer after sophomore year was ok, my best friend from Iowa came to stay with me for 3 weeks which wasn't as fun as we thought with my 35hr/week work schedule and needy girlfriend. Fall mountain biking season went good, placed well and all. Then I couldn't take any more of my girlfriend who, by the time we broke up, I'd been dating for 13 months. I was basically with her to not feel so alone. She was the only person I actively talked to outside of school and hung out with. It wasn't worth it with her being so 'high maintenance'. Plus she let herself go and was quite lazy. I felt so alone and worthless. No one ever talked to me first, I only talked to people at school and some gaming buddies that I haven't met irl in 2 years. I looked at myself in the mirror and noticed I put on weight and saw that I wasn't as toned as I was 2 years prior. It did motivate me to start working out a bit and get a new haircut as well as acting more confident. It seemed to work, girls started being nicer and paying more attention to me, then she happened. An attractive, smart girl talked to me every day and we got in trouble for laughing and joking. I couldn't wait to get to the class we had together. I don't consider myself very smooth and every girlfriend I consider to be a lucky thing. I was sitting with some guys at lunch joking around like I used to. Going on dates and hanging out with friend groups during prom. The last day of school we all went into town and did dumb teenager stuff. I felt like I was back in Iowa with all my childhood friends again, having the time of my life like teenagers are supposed to do. It was amazing. Then summer rolled around and she stopped being interesting, texting was full of one word responses and she never told me if she could hang out. Always 'idk' and shit. My hours at work were quartered due to incompetent managers. I was spending my second to last summer playing endless hours of meaningless video games wondering why my girlfriend had stopped talking to me. I **was** truly happy again. I felt like I had friends. Now I just sit around all day with only my grandma to talk to. Everyday was the same, in my PJs browsing reddit and playing video games. It's so depressing. My childhood is wasting away and all the memories I have just make me sad. I don't want to look back on my high school life and think 'yeah I was boring, had no friends and played video games a lot'. I have no where else to share my story or talk to anyone. No one over texts me anymore or contacts me first. I haven't hung out with any guy since my brother moved away 6 months ago. And no guy friend since last summer. I miss what I used to have. I miss my friends and life I enjoyed. I feel useless and hidden away. I could die today and a handful of people would notice and care, most being family. I don't know what this is going to do but I feel like I need to do something. I know I haven't lived that long and still have a lot to experience but what I have has left me wondering if the rest of my life is going to be this way, and if so, I don't want to be apart of it. I cry myself to sleep a lot now. I'm going to be a senior, getting ready for life and I don't want to do it alone. I started keeping a journal again, hoping it will help somehow. I have thought about talking to my grandmother about depression pills. I wonder if it will help me have a positive outlook on life. I have 6 hours until I have to get up for work, so I will be back in the morning. tl;dr: Moved 1,000 miles away from a happy life and am at a low point, asking reddit for help on how to cope. 
