So ever since I was little (like early elementary little), my dream has always been to be a family man. I used to dream of being married by 21 and having kids soon after. But as I began to form real crushes on classmates, I realized something, I'm a little bitch and can't approach them. But not even just them, I began to realize I was unable to approach anybody. I was a bright kid, not a genius or anything, but I was self aware at a very young age and understood the workings of the world to a degree beyond must kids my age. And what did this provide me? The ability to fear humiliation and regection. My friends consisted of people who approached me or people I would get paired with in class. I knew of at least one girl who liked me, but I had no interest as she annoyed me and wasn't my type. At this stage in my life, I wished for death quite often. I wished for death so that I wouldn't have to see the deaths of my 4 siblings and both parents (as i was the youngest). I wished for death because I did not believe it possible for me to overcome my anxiety and get a job to pay for housing, so I always believed I'd be homeless. I used to wish for cancer or an accident like a car hitting me or a mugger killing me quite frequently, especially after some kind of fight. I also wished for an injury that required a cast so I could get pitty and attention (but that one is quite common). I cried to my mom quite often about these fears. How terrible it must have been to watch your 9 year old sobbing because he wants to die. Fast-forward to middle school, my friend circle grew, but as did the amount of students. I was typically not the center of any group, and with lunches now being split into time blocks, I wasn't always able to see friends. Often times, I'd sit alone against a fence in the activity court, occasionally playing with acquaintances in some sport. With the increase in students, I had quite a lot more love interests, but once again, I was unable to act upon any of them. Surprisingly, I did get a girlfriend as she contacted me first. This relationship ended quite quickly, as I came to learn that I have a fear of commitment. We went off and on for a little while, but nothing ever came of it. Surprisingly, middle school was my least depressed time of my life, though it was still there. Occasionally in the form of drawings of emo people committing suicide in my sketchbook. Fast-forward again to high school. These were the best worst times of my life. I made a lot of friends (them approaching me) and dated quite a few girls (quite a few being like 3 or 4), and eventually just started hooking up with girls to fill the void of loneliness. Every time I had a friend who I actually fell for, 4/5 times, they don't feel the same way, and that caused me to spiral out many times. High school had quite a lot of bad times, but man do I wish i could go back, knowing what I know now. If anyone is even still reading this, the point of all this useless talk was to say, it is so fucking difficult to make friends in the real world. I have social anxiety, so I don't feel comfortable going out to do anything unless I'm with someone I'm semi comfortable with. Meaning, I NEVER GO OUT, thus i have little to no chance of meeting a girl. My depression stems from wanting someone to love, who loves me in return, BUT, my anxiety keeps me locked up inside, unable to meet any prospective love interests. Hell, even when I occasionally DO go out with a friend or something, fuck the idea of ever approaching a girl I find cute. Having no idea as to if she wants to be approached, if she has a partner, or if she'd even be interested in me, makes me want to die. And it doesn't help that i have little to no drive in life unless I'm alongside someone, and literally the only thing I do with my life is watch anime and play games, so unless she is passionate about those things, I would be shit out of luck and have nothing interesting to say. I can keep a conversation going just fine usually, but unless it's one of the few things I'm passionate about (or I really care about you), I just die from the tedium of smiling and nodding while listening.I do believe I will die alone. My mom and friends always tell me I'll find someone. \"There's someone for everyone!\" I mean, this is statistically true, but just because there IS someone who would be a perfect fit for me, doesn't mean we will ever meet and/or get together. I always feel bad telling them this when they're just trying to stay positive and help, but the truth is, not everyone dies happy and loved. Many people die leaving behind a sad and lonely life. I will likely fall into that statistic. This is why I still wish I could be diagnosed with some terminal illness (preferably not a painful and slow one). I would love to be given a timer showing the day that I die. Showered in pity and love, no cares in the world, and then it's over. Tldr; I'm guessing I'll die alone due to anxieties, so hopefully some non-painful illness kills me soon so I can get some pitty love.  
