I'm new to this whole depression stuff, but I want to die really bad right now, so let me explain from the start. So at the beginning of the school year, I met this guy named Jack (I'm changing the names for reasons). I saw that he was playing a game on his phone that I play too, so I sat next to him since he was sitting alone (he always did) and we talked. Then we started sitting together on the bus (we were on the same bus) and became really good friends. So after awhile, he told me that he liked me, and I told him I liked him. We started dating, and after awhile we said "I love you" to each other in text, and then in person. So whenever we texted, it was usually for only 5 minutes because he always had to go do something. Being the abandonment issue person I kind of am, I slowly let it get to me. Then I called it out, and I started a fight. We got over it quickly. Next, I texted him, and he never replied. So I freaked out and started crying about how he doesn't care, even though I know he does. Because depression, anxiety, etc. We got over that, too. Then, on the last day of school, his jerk friend Josh (name also changed), made him really upset. Now, whenever Josh got Jack upset, Jack wouldn't talk to anybody for about an hour or two.But this time, he didn't talk to me, he didn't sit next to me on the bus, he wouldn't text me, and so on the bus I started having a mental breakdown. I forgot to mention that we were forced outside for the entire time of the last day of school, and I saw Jack, alone, against the far wall of the school, CRYING, and I thought it was because of Josh. But because I'm socially awkward, and I'm not good with that kind of thing. So I sent my friend Carly (again, name changed) to see if he was ok. But when she came back, she told me that he was seriously heartbroken, and immediately i thought it was my fault. Which leads to the bus ride home, when he didn't sit with me, didn't answer me when I asked if he was ok, etc. And so for a week, I texted him how much I missed him and that I loved him before I wrote a VERY long multiple paragraph text to him, saying that it was probably all my fault, and that I was sorry, etc etc. He finally texted back saying that he ran away to his friend's house (he sent a selfie of them. I was super jealous and sad, but didn't say anything), and how sorry he was. (fast forward to today) So today I found out that his great grandma just died while he was visiting her in Tennessee. I didn't know that, and told him that I needed to talk to him, and that it was important. Then he told me and I said sorry, but still said that I needed to talk to him. Then we proceeded to have a conversation about this question I asked him. "Do you still love me?" He said that yes, he does, and that I should believe and trust him. I say "yeah ok haha", and then he has to go. (the conversation was started by him never saying "I love you" to me anymore, even when I say it) So here i am, feeling like a jackass, when I start typing this SUPER VERY VERY FREAKING VERY long paragraph explaining about how much he hurts me, and about how, after the last day of school, I was very suicidal, and all that stuff. At the end I said goodbye.  After a while, he texts back saying that we shouldn't talk anymore. Right after I sent that long, long paragraph, I instantly regretted it, but it's not like I could delete it or anything. So I had to sit there, and wait for him to respond. And at this point, I can barely breathe, I'm hyperventilating, my whole body is shaking, and I'm feeling this very painful, physical pain along with the mental one. So I do the worst thing possible. I started to quote depressing song lyrics, since I am only capable of that at this point. I keep on making it worse, and then I am finally capable of normal human speech. I'm crying and am dying inside, and in a last moment of desperation, I asked him what could I do to fix this, if there is even a chance of this being fixable. he still hasn't said anything. Now I have NO IDEA what to do, and I am almost completely numb, but at the same time I'm freaking out because he's all I think about, yet I completely ruined our relationship. So what do I do now? What do I say to him? If he says anything, I will update this. Haha I guess this can also go in TIFU.EDIT: I JUST TEXTED HIM "With Reddit having my back on this, I really don't want you out of my life. I was just fucking stupid like I usually am. But even if you don't want to get back together with me, can we at least still be friends?" AUUGH I HOPE HE TEXTS BACK FOR ONCEEDIT2: Yeah he still hasn't texted back. I shoved 2 really long and thought out apologies. The first one was based off of the Steven Universe episode "We Need To Talk".
