I'm 20 and in college.So I haven't been diagnosed or anything, but I feel I probably qualify for being dysthymic. Absolutely no one would describe me as happy and certainly not smiley or friendly-looking. My RBF is STRONG and has been since my early teens. People think I'm pissed off. I get told to smile a lot, including by family. I've seen my face from the side, and I don't blame them.I don't think my overwhelming sense of wanting to die is really about my appearance though, but my personality. I'm shy and awkward and I absolutely hate it. I cringe at myself every hour of every day. I have perfect opportunities to practice my social skills but I don't. I secretly think part of the reason why I avoid close relationships with people is because if I decide to kill myself, it will be easier for both of us. I don't think my parents know the extent of my feelings, but my dad did mention once (while we were out in a restaurant) that I seemed depressed. I wasn't particularly bad that day so I don't know what spurred that exactly. I just kept shoveling fries in my face in fear of bursting out crying. If we weren't in public, there would have been only a slightly larger chance I would have wanted to talk about it. I just don't think they could help me (not to mention I can hardly stand them half the time). My brother's depressed and also on the autism spectrum; after some drama last year he attempted suicide. They really don't deserve to have both of their children be absolutely miserable. This thought makes me feel incredibly, incredibly guilty."Hopeless" and "worthless" and "a failure" are not what I'm feeling though. My GPA is good and I can do good work. I can probably get an okay job and whatever. It's just that I can't stand myself and think about dying every day. I've decided I can't though, not until I graduate; I'm in too deep with people from school. I know people care about me and I really don't want to mess with their feelings. I don't want to "cause a scene"; I just want to leave this place. I've felt like this for 3 and a half years now, and I'm pretty confident I'll feel this way well into adulthood unless I die or get a prescription.
