Maybe this is a wrong thread to put it. But the one who I really loved started not caring about me. I lost my best friends and my friends. No one seems to care about me. From the woman I love she told me I was a nobody to her now. She said she didn't love me anymore. While I still do, and I'm at my wits end. Depression, anxiety and everything that's crap is clinging onto me now. I just feel really alone now and I don't have anyone to talk to. I feel like really crying right now. Days ago I felt the luckiest man alive but now I guess the opposite has come and everything seems to went downhill from there. I'm not good with relationships or talking. I'm really an anti-social and I get traumatized when and feel really nervous talking to a person. I was really lucky when I met her she made me feel really special from the day we started talking. A few months after, I messed up big time. I don't know how people work it all seems too complicated to me. We stopped talking and eventually I waited a year to be able to talk to her again and we hit it off instantly. Things were doing great but I keep messing things up. Now she broke it off and blocked me everywhere. Her last words were "you can't get anything right". She still remains as my first love and I would like her back in my life, but I'm afraid it's all too late I think I messed up so much that she really hates me now.Life before meeting her was really drastic, I was really suicidal and she was the first person to saved me from my last attempt. In a time where I doubted everyone. I was really depressive without her, I just would imitate other people so they won't feel any of my real feelings. She caught on and in her own way saved me. I'm really depressed right now at the peak of it, I've been holding off my depression for far too long. Holding it off for 11 years. I feel I'm not needed by anyone at all ultimately useless. I didn't have good friends as they keep coming and going elsewhere. They keep forgetting I existed as I didn't leave a good impression on them. I feel really lonely. I used to have 2 best friends but I messed it up when I showed them my depressed self at first they accepted it. But now they just shun me away and blocked me. I don't know but I really keep messing things up. Edit: I keep putting more sentences to put everything I express in a calm manner.
