Hi, I want to give out a disclaimer first that my situation is not the worst(I have decent social skills and position), so people that have it worse might find offensive of me complaining from this position.I have hated being loved all my life, by anyone. Every time I have to see that my family or other people tell that I matter for them, I feel completely depressed and sometimes fantasize about killing myself because of that. I feel somewhat unworthy and/or that I'm being deceived, even though I absolutely know that is not the case.This issue is making me unable to form any real social bonds. I started writing this as I recently had to end another incipient relationship because I completely could not stand when that someone said that they cared for me. Every time I hear that I feel like I want to kill myself. Every time I hear appraisals for "happy birthday" of mine etc. unsolicited achievement, I feel like I want to vanish.Somehow I like being completely isolated. I want that nobody knows that I exist. I use disguised personalities in social situations that I can outsource my relationships to. That person is not me and has nothing to gain or lose. Only in that way I feel safe. Only when nobody knows that I exist I feel free.I have reflected on few of my issues that this awful behavior could arise from;1.Perfectionism: I'm afraid to try anything because I have to make noteworthy effort in everything that I try.2.Fear of losing: I cannot deal with losing if I have given my best effort. This has been my pain all my life and I was the kid that always got absolutely mad after losing anything. I have used to not to try my best and avoid situations where I can lose as a way to deal with this.3.Trust issues: I had a trauma of being betrayed as a kid(10yo) by all of my friends and became bullied for years. I think that this trauma might make me unable to trust people, even though I cognitively know that they're 100% trustworthy (like my family).I just wanted to share this if someone feels the same and can relate or add anything to this... I feel as if my brain is wired exactly backwards. I think being loved should arise a happy, warm and fuzzy feeling instead of emptiness and self-loathing. I'm feeling exhausted thinking this issue over and over again for a couple of days.
