Hi everyone, been lurking on this sub since I discovered it last year… I’ve considered talking to someone about how I’ve been feeling, but I’m not close with my parents. I have a few pretty close friends and I think opening up to my best friend would really help me. but it just seems so. impossibly. difficult. I had a lot of trouble even posting this.I’ve been this way as long as I can remember, maybe since middle school - I think 12 yrs old? (17F, just graduated high school). Sort of just fell into a haze and obviously I was really young back then (still am lol), so I just played it off as something everyone feels? Like it’s just “teenage angst” or “female hormones” or whatever. I don’t really know how to put it into words. Because of how I’ve been feeling, I no longer read or draw with the same zeal I used to. In the past recent years I’ve also developed a ritual of compulsively checking everything (appliances in outlets, locked doors, windows, things like that), and I feel shit, have been feeling like shit for years, but I would never kill myself because I’m not suicidal. I just don't want to exist or do anything. It just feels like living’s a chore.I still feel happy when I need to feel happy (I guess?), still laugh, I can still function - hell, I graduated with a 4.0, was a pretty active HS student, and got accepted to a pretty prestigious university. But less than a month ago I just broke down crying in front of my parents, I guess from stress, and how jumbled my mind is right now. Told them I wasn’t ready to leave home and I didn’t want to place that financial burden of college onto them, so I’m going to a community college for two years and transferring to originally planned university. And the things that I told them as to why I’ve made this decision in such a spur of the moment were all true, but I didn’t tell them that it was also because of my mental health.. like if I’m at my low now, I feel like going to a university would just be a downward spiral from there.I’m really sorry that this is so long and might be hard to read. It’s just really hard for me to articulate myself. I’d really like some advice as to how I can move past this barrier that’s been blocking me from telling anyone. I’ve realized internalizing how I’ve been feeling is just having negative consequences, but I just.. don’t know what to do.
