Hey. I'm 15, started grade 9 this year. I'm a pretty smart kid, straight A's, always kind to teachers and the kids around me, even if they weren't. So why is it, that now, after months at this school so they know who I am, they don't recognize that something's obviously wrong when my marks drop to 60's, and I stay lifeless at my desk, never smiling once throughout the day? Why do they not think something is wrong when I stopped talking to my friends, who I used to spend every second of every day with? Why is it that as soon as this happens, my math teacher gets rude with me in every other class, and my geography teacher who I used to look up to and admire now is frustrated with me for not getting the homework on how the topsoil of North America is so rich? Right now I have a summative assignment due on Tuesday, as well as a powerpoint presentation and the EQAO (Like a math exam for Ontario). Right now I'm starting at a paper due Tuesday. I have to list 40 fun facts, 20 key terms and 12 important ideas to remember for all the units I've done in Geography. I know it doesn't sound like much, but this is the stem of my insecurities. If I can't handle this, if I can't handle this bit of homework, how on earth will I ever manage the later grades where I have to sacrifice my mental and physical health to learn something that won't even benefit me in the future. (Quadratic formula?!?!? Trigonometry? Shakespeare?!) I mean, should I just off myself now? Am I just a weak, crying son of a bitch who can't handle this? I have braces. I just went to the orthodontic appointment, so now I have 12 ounces of pressure on my teeth at all times. How fun it will be to write an exam with a constant, throbbing pain in my mouth. The past semester has been complete hell for me. For one thing, I have two classes with a teacher that looks like a female Gru from Despicable Me, who teaches us things that are frankly WRONG ("Don't forget to vacuum your computer's insides every week!" Are you shitting me?! That destroys the hardware!) and always acts like she has invaluable wisdom and deserves such respect and honor, and if you ever ever doubt or disrespect her she will suspend you or smite you or something. I'm really questioning the point. Why the FUCK am I being caused so much stress over such trivial things? I've not been happy once in the past 3 weeks, which brings me back to my biggest problem, a lot of you guys went years with depression and only posted here now, yet with barely three weeks of what you guys experience, my life is already falling apart and I hate myself. So how will I ever be good, be strong enough to change the world, help climate change and clean energy, really, the stuff that Elon Musk is doing, that's all I want to do in life, but how on earth can I actually help those causes when I'm too weak to do a single piece of homework?All my time is being sucked up by school. I wake up at 6, go to school til 3, get home at ~4, do homework, for hours, eat dinner, mow the lawn, and try and clean up my spider/centipede/silverfish infested room until I go to bed where I sleep for 5 hours to do it all again in the morning, which is even more damaging because I'm getting half the amount of sleep I need to be getting every night which makes me more stressed because if you get that little amount of sleep for a prolonged period of time (which I have been) it can cause permanent brain damage, especially as a teenager, which is fucking STUPID that I have to use up my brain, literally, to learn Igneous, Metamorphic, and Sedimentary rocks, which is something I've learned YEARS ago many times.TL;DR Go to school, learn useless information I already know, spend hours on the homework about that useless information I already know instead of cleaning up the mess that is my room that is filled with spiders and other nasties or actually ENJOYING life. Thank you very much if you actually read this far, sorry for the rant. 
