Okey, I will try to explain myself as hard as I can, because I want it to change and I want to help my partner. My native language isnt english so dont judge me over that.I am man, 19 years old, living with my mom and brother, sister moved away but not far from our house. It all started in Elementary school when I got bullied by my classmates. I remember that hate that went through them and that awful experience. they kicked me, made fun of me and destroyed my ego. I remember one day our school teacher was outside the class and my classmates, 5 or 6 of them, kicked me, lightly but kicked me, they made fun of that, because I just sat in the corner and hoped that it will be over. and the teacher ignored them. ignored the kicking. I felt like shit. I was a shit. My styling was shit. At the same time I had problems at my home. My mom got angry all the time and she was arguing all the time with my dad, sometimes I got hit by belt or hands because I did something wrong. I know I deserved that because i did stupid shit like I didnt go to my music leassons or got a bad marks but I hoped that home will be my safe spot for me, but it wasnt. I cried to myslef when I was going to school or home because I didnt want to go to home or school. I was going to school with a thoughts if today will be bad or going to house with thoughts if there will be yelling. My safe spot for the time was my music school. I started to get new friends. I had my problems with school and home but in music school I was relaxed. Yes i dindt do my homeworks there and that made my life stressfull because of debts but i feelt accepted there. Few years went by and when I was 16, My dad died. He was in hospital for 2 weeks already and my mom asked if i want to visit him and i said no because i wanted to stay at music school. I was naive and thought my dad will be okay. I didnt thought he will be dead at that night. I thought i will se him, It was F*ckg one week before xmass, I thought he will be there to see my graduation from High school and see how i get my licence and my first car. I was dumb shit who was naive and thought that i will see him, but life is life and he died when I could visit him.  At the time my ego was destroyed and i was really shy. Not shy in communicative way but shy to communicate with girls in more closer way ( sexual way I would say). It was one more problem for me. I blamed myself that I couldnt get a girlfriend ( you would say its funny too feel like that when you are 16, but I needed close soul to hear my thoughts, to communicate with) I thought i will never get one and die like shit. I felt there is something wrong with me. After dad died, my thoughts grow worse. I bought my own PC and went into gaming and stuff like that. My friends at the time were partying and felt happy, I was feeling happy playing games and communicate with online friends. i started to make websites but I suck at everything. thats my problem, I mess up everything. I cant code proper website, i cant communicate with boys and all my friends(girls) are just friends. Yeah I know its sounds like not grown thinking but I thought like that at that moment. I wanted to dissapear, to die but never pull the plug, never started it physically. Just thoughts about it. When I was 18 I found my girl. And not because I managed to get her but she managed to get me. she cracked open my shell and got deep in my soul. I love her by now but she hasnt said those words to me...I started to see that she was depressed, about her looks, about her thoughts and works she had done. I really want to help her. I feel that if I help her my life has purpose. Last night we argued and for some time we argue a lot. I asked if she even want to help herself and she said no because she is good with what she is. I cant understand that because she is really unhappy and I want to help but she dont want my help and say i cant help it. She sad qoute:  for some time i asked for someone to hear me, now i gave up and time has past away and it cant be fixed. I feel like I have 2 sides of my personality. One that wants to get it better and other that wants to give up. she hates herself and she cant stand her look. sometimes she like her looks but for most time she hates her looks and works she did. she cutted her arm and legs and she hates scars, but when i am saying that i will help her she doesnt want my help. she isnt asking for help but at the same time she are saying all the problems with her. we have 250km (120miles or so) that separates us and our chat is dead. few months ago there were smileys and fun, jokes n shit. now its like twitter ( i will be doing this an that and good boy, good, bad ect.). whenever I go into chat I feel like I am alone, that she doenst want me, she pushes away me and others and I feel she starts to act with me like others. I dont feel special anymore, I dont feel like I can help and when I argue I really say wrong but true things, judgmental things because I dont understand her thinking about her looks because she is hot af and why she doenst want help or she gave up. I AM HERE I WANT TO HELP bu she say no, just sit there and hear my depressive thoughts. I want to hear them but at the same time I started to get angry over unreasonable hate for herself. If she stops saying whats wrong i will not feel specal. i will feel like everyone else when I feel like that, i feel like I have no point in life. I dont have any goals, I dont have any hobbys, I dont have any friends, yeah I got them but I dont want to hang out because I dont want them to feel bad over me. I dont have apssion and I cant find one, i dont want to find one, I dont want to leave house. Its one point worth living - to help my love. to see her happy and when I cant make her happy I feel worthless. lately I started saying her that i want to die, i know its for attention reasons, but past few days i started to think I will do it. I have been with loop around my neck and one step away from dooing it. I dont know why but I like that moment when you can choose If you live or not. right before this post i was with loop around my neck tied to my radiator. my vision started to blur out and then I ended it. I dont have guts to do it and Iam glad I dont but every time i do it again I got more and more inside me that say do it. help me with some thoughts how to improve our chat, thinking, and how could I help her. Our realtionship is awsome, but we both are suicidal I am in more physical way and she just thoughts about it. I dont want to leave her and I will not. I want to help her. as I said our realtionship is good but the stuff we do to each other breaks us appart.
