Hey , i'm a 19 years old and i don't like to live anymore ... i was a lonely guy the most part of my life and in the last 4 years i just changed a lot , i started to have some friends again , but even with that i wasnt happy at all . I always wanted a girlfriend thinking that would complete me and some love would make me happy , so after this i always looked to be a funny guy that everyone wanted to be with and yet i wouldnt find nobody that "completes" me . I Started to have some female friends and i always was a good friend and then i find someone from my childhood , we study in the same school at same class and she was having a relationship with some guy that has been cheating on her and then it ended , i always find her beautiful and smart ... a good girl at all and she started to talk more with me and she was wanting "more" than just be friends , i was happy and wanted that too and we started to build something , but , i was some kind of emotional guy and always had some fear issues with that and i wasnt confident to tell everything and to put all my trust on her , yeah i was having good moments ... but i always had a fell that if i told everything i would screw up everything . 	After this she was going away  and i was starting to have that bad feeling again of being lonely and sad . I stayed 4 months trying to fix everything  and the most important thing was to have attitude and talk in front of her , but i couldnt do that , she was perfect for me and i still couldnt do anything ... i still talked with her by text message but it wasnt the same thing and then she's gone last week (Thursday) , she told me that after all i always stayed on the same page and didnt talk to her what i really wanted , she told that she aint coming back anymore . She was my friend and i dont wanted to screw this and i ended fucking everything , now i cant see myself without her and everyday i think about killing myself because i dont want to feel the sadness again . My bestfriends gone ( they are studying , working and some went away from my city ) , i lose one girl that i loved and i cant stop thinking about her , she said that aint coming back and i wont let that happen , but at the same time i cant do nothing . 	I dont want to be here anymore , drinking wont work and anything seems to work , i dont want to lose her contact and dont want to see her . I dont have a hard life ( only study) and still dont want to live . In the end i know i will just kill myself ... but i dont want to do that .Sorry for the horrible english and for wasting your time , i just needed a vision from someone that dont know any of us . 
