My depression stems from domestic violence and being treated poorly in my past by most of my "friends" whom I referred to at the time. **Long story short, my dad "cheated" on my mom. That erupted into about 1 year of nonstop arguing in my house on a daily basis for about 3-5 hours per day. After the first year, it continued but just seemed like they would always bicker over the smallest, most unimportant things at the worst times, like while out to dinner in public.**Most recently, what really hurt me was my father's disapproval of going to community college despite having a partial scholarship offer to go 3 hours away to school. I have lived in the town I was born in for my entire life and I did not realize until around when I made a decision that I never really considered going away from home for long periods of time. To add to that, I fully don't even feel financially secure going away to school because of my parents' financial instability since the recession (second mortgage/refinance, back taxes owed, trapped in car leases with overmileage fees). I'm really sorry to sound like I might be worrying about my parents' money, but like this stuff could make me miss a payment that I was promised from my parents while away at school and being promised that my education would be paid for would make me worry.As alarming and screwed up as this may seem, my parents literally went crazy on me when I considered community college. The part I don't understand is that my mom went to the same community college that I was considering going to and expressed extreme disapproval. I didn't even want to go to CC for more than my Associate's because I have AP credits that would have shortened my time spent there. My father was extremely angry over this and I don't even know why. **I was choked by my father for wanting to go to community college for the general education phase.** He was saying "I don't deserve to take care of you anymore. You should be put out on the street." I thought about calling the police, but I don't believe that throwing people in jail helps the scenario. I've been told that in domestically unstable scenarios, when a partner or family member leaves, the abuser is more open to considering killing and harm of others since there are less eyes on them.I at that point, *forcibly committed* to the school 3 hours away literally over having no other choice considering the circumstances.I was watching a YouTube video last night and this dude was talking about how he couldn't fully understand depression because he never had it. Despite this, he was aware of how it affects people and such. He works and makes YouTube videos full-time, so he himself never deals with any sort of non-energetic/upbeat people as that is the opposite of the nature of his industry. But **what he mentioned that struck me hard was "the lack of motivation to do anything" whether it be for work or even personal recreational activities.** That's me right now.I have been off from school and such for a few weeks but I'm leaving for college in 2 days. I kid you not when I tell you that I have been suicidal over the past few weeks. I don't want to even be here anymore at all. It's too hard to even get out of bed that I haven't woken up before noon for these weeks. I have nothing to look forward to and I have no purpose in doing anything. How the fuck am I supposed to do school work when I have depression and suicide on my mind everyday?!My academic career has gone downhill mostly for the past 2 years due to all the domestic violence I have been through and toxic friends. It's at that point like the dude in the YouTube video was saying there comes a time when depression just makes people not want to do anything because there is some burden they feel they are putting on others with always seeming to do wrong. I am extremely fearful of making the decision of dropping out of school with all this crap going on and me not being able to do this. I can only imagine what my parents would do to me then.I don't even think it would matter if I died. It's not like anybody even cared about me anymore. It seems like if I killed myself, I'd be doing my parents a favor. One less mouth to feed and they wouldn't even have to worry about me going to college anymore. If I can't go to college where I want to unless accepting choking punishment, then I can't live anymore it seems. I'd be doing them a favor by leaving this world.Help me
