never posted here before so this might seem all over the place. i currently live with my mother and sister, my dad and her divorced last June. it was rough at first, but i learned to be okay with it. my dad lives about a minute away anyways, so he didn't disappear from my life.i am constantly in touch with my dad, and i love him very much. he's very down-to-earth, and my friends think he's cool as shit.My mother is on the completely opposite end. sometimes i wonder what made them fall in love in the first place. flies off the handle too easily, always looking for a screaming match instead of a conversation, blames others for issues that she is the root of, etc.i have always been at odds with my mom, but i've gotten better at not participating in her argumentive ways. recently there has been a couple explosions in the house where i lose my temper with her and scream at her, and it usually just silences the root problem for a couple days but it pops up again later.the past two weeks i have been in the hospital for my Cystic Fibrosis. it takes a mental and physical toll on me, and i dwell on my future constantly. it is a major player in my depression.a few months ago my boss was moving to California and asked if i would adopt his corn snake from him. i said yes after some thought. my mom didnt like that, but i would always convince her that its staying in my room locked up until i needed to feed it, and she would never deal with it or see it. there seemed to be no issue until my sister informed me while i was in the hospital that my mother was going to give away my snake to somebody. i finally came home last night, and he was gone. not just the snake, everything. cage, lamps, temp controller, bedding, hiding spots, everything. gone. i was in disbelief. i wasnt sure if i wanted to bawl my eyes out or punch a hole in the fucking wall. my room was also moved into the basement even though i told her i didnt want that, because the basement was my hangout room and i wouldnt be able to have as many people over anymore. sometimes i think she does these things to drive me out of the house and force my dad and i to find an apartment for ourselves. only problem is money. i dont know if my dad and i make enough money combined to get a decent apartment that isnt a cheap shithole, so this makes the idea of moving out with him difficult.the reason for my room moving to the basement? she wants to make my then-room her office, when her current office is 3 minutes down the road.fast forward one day, and i can't find my dog anywhere. "she's probably just outside or with my sister" i thought. my sister asks where the dog is, and my mom tells her the dog is at the vet. and then after shes done at the vet, she is finding a new home for her. we've had this dog for 7 years. she has some problems with going to the bathroom inside the house, but nothing that would warrant giving the dog to someone else and saying "here its your fucking problem now."i have 2 cats that have been with us for 10+ years. if she got rid of them, i legitimately don't know how i will cope with the loss. my cats mean the world to me.my sister went off. she bawled and yelled about how my mom no longer cares for her family anymore, only herself and her boyfriend. she was done putting up with it, and started a screaming match with my mother, because its what we're conditioned to do to each other.i am afraid to step foot in my home. when i step in the front door getting home from work, i want to throw up because i think of how i will be treated the next day. i wonder what we'll fight over, how many times i'll overhear an argument between her and my sister, how many times i'm going to feel like crying that day, and how many times i will consider suicide as a viable, realistic option.i never thought i'd say i live in an abusive household, but i think i'm finally realizing that i would rather be dead than live in my home. my mother says she is "threatened" by my girlfriend, who has always shown respect and been polite to her, despite knowing what kind of person she is. neither me or my girlfriend understand why she said this, or why she feels so strongly about it.i wrote a post on facebook about her getting rid of the snake. it wasnt direct, and it wasnt a violent outburst. it was just me expressing my sadness over him being gone, and how i felt it was uncalled for and completely unecessary for my mother to allow it to happen. i should have known that i fucked up and that her family would send her a picture of the post.she told me i have now been kicked out of the house. im staying at my dads with my girlfriend tonight because he's staying over his girlfriend's house, and i don't know where i'm sleeping tomorrow.i do not know if this is all my fault. getting the snake without her permission was a mistake, but i didn't think she would give it away while i was sitting in a hospital bed unaware of the entire thing. the facebook post was a mistake, because i got myself kicked out by being an idiot and displaying my dirty laundry on social media.sometimes i just wish i had the strength to not care about anybody's feelings so i could fucking kill myself and be done with everything.i'm so sick of acting on instinct and fucking up things for myself. i wish i was a different person. i wish i lived a different life.let me know if you want me to clarify anything in the post, i'll be happy to.
