Having a lot of anxiety and suicidal thoughts right now so I'm venting here. Never done this before but maybe it'll help. I'm turning 25 soon and I know that I'm still too young to know for sure that the rest of my life will be just as terrible as it is now, but damn does it feel that way. I've been repeating "fake it 'til you make it" in my head for the past 3 months and now it's falling apart.I dropped out of college because the guy who raped me got out of prison early for good behavior and that coincided with my finals and I couldn't do anything once I heard that. It's like my mind kept telling me he was going to find me and have his crew kill me so I should just kill myself first. That failed though and landed me in the mental ward for a while. Worst experience ever. I felt like I was going crazy in there. I lied to the doctors and nurses there just to get out. Told them I was  thinking clearly, laid out a plan to finish college, told them I was hopeful for the future, tons of bullshit. I still think about all the kids and old people alike that were stuck in there, unable to deal with their pain but unable to kill themselves either.Fast forward to now: I got a job through my successful and wonderful sister. She's perfect, sociable, smart, everything I'm not. "Fake it 'til you make it." I kept telling myself that. Maybe if I keep faking it, I can just work through my suicidal thoughts. But no. Three months into this job and I've been thinking about killing myself every day. There should be nothing wrong. I have a job. My family loves me. I'm not suffering like all the other poor souls on here. Why the fuck do I keep wanting to kill myself? I've thought about it so much that I've made separate plans on how to do it. It has to be effective and leave no chance of survival because if I fail, I'll get sent back to that mental ward again. And I don't know if I'll be able to lie my way out again. But I'm still trying to fake it through. I'm still not going through with any of the plans. I have a cat. I love my family. My sister just got married. I keep telling myself, "Wait until after she's married." "Wait until after she's had her honeymoon." So my death won't spoil her happiness. But it's gotta happen sometime. I just don't know when. I don't know why I can't seem to hold down a job. I should be grateful for this job. But every day I think "If I killed myself, I wouldn't have to worry about this anymore." I feel like I'm just lazy. I'm too lazy to live. I know I'm not stupid. I can do so much. But why can't I do anything? I hate being alive.
