I can't really just text people this. I'm not looking for attention and it's all that it looks like when you text someone 'I really just want to die'. But I do. I just feel completely devoid of worth. Being able to work or complete further education isn't valuable to me. I can do them but I'm not interested in them. They don't bring me much happiness or take my mind off anything or really do anything for me. I'm only doing any of it to occupy myself in some way. It's not helping at all but it's an activity to do just like having a shower or driving around endlessly. My personal relationships are where I struggle. I find little passion in anything and my anxiety disorder causes me to appear stiff and distant which nobody really enjoys. I'm scared I'll say or do something wrong and lose these people but really it doesn't matter because I lose them either way by my efforts at trying to be their friend. My partners have all been the same - they lose interest or I push them away. I don't often feel valued by them. The part that makes you feel crazy is not knowing if what you're feeling is correct. You may feel like they don't value you but perhaps you're ignoring their ways of showing you. So I'm grappling with the overwhelming sense that I've managed to push my ex away and put myself in this position by not valuing what he was giving me because I couldn't see it. I notice things here and there that prove me right in that regard, still, as we're trying to be friends. I can't do anything about it.If anything I feel powerless. No matter what I try, no joy comes from work or education or half my hobbies. All I want is to numb myself out by being stoned *all* the time. I can't bring myself to do anything on my free time without weed. I recently started a piece of art while high and it's the only piece I've done in the past 6 months that doesn't look like trash. I'm pretty much at the lowest I can be at this stage and like any other recently single person I can see those hard things to deal with coming over the horizon - your ex finding someone else and wanting them. While I'm single, barely a friend, at my parent's, rarely get shifts, struggling to get my diploma complete and not just give up entirely. Im sure this sounds like a sob story, I don't really care. I just have to write it somewhere because I can't cope. 
