I finally did something that proved he doesn't care or love me. I had so much hope since everyone said, if he loves you then he'll melt and take you back in heartbeat, I believed it because I couldn't stay mad at him for long.He has a huge problem with communicating and I always overreacted. Weeks went by and he doesn't want to see me... I had to go see him, I had to know what was going on with him...I went to see him at his apartment, he wasn't home and wasn't answering my calls, I texted and he said he'll be there in 5 minutes... There he was walking towards me, so calm and collected, he looked great and happy.I begged, cried and even got down on my knees and begged and his answer was still the same...He says he loves me too much to keep hurting me... He kept saying no, stop Hailey... I can't I can't it's too late.He cried and was laying on the floor and I was trying to be next to him, tried holding his hands and he kept pushing it away... I can't ever forget that feeling of him pushing me away... I still begged over and over again... He just sat there like a statue, with no feelings whatsoever... None for me atleast...His hugs were not the same, he didn't let me hold him or kiss him, I tried but it was no different than kissing a statue and he didn't even kiss me back...I asked him if he wants me to leave, and he said YES, I am sorry, every time I asked... I have never felt so unwanted, I left, sat in my car... Cried and screamed and he stood there and watched me cry, I drove away... Went around the corner and came back, begged some more...I wish I could just die there, I wish I could so he could be the last person I saw.I sat by my car on the burning ground for 3 hours, hoping he'll come back but he didn't... 3 hours passed, it's Ramadan and I was fasting and I told him I was fasting... He still didn't care or anything. I didn't want to leave and I stayed till I could. All this time he was in his room, texting me to go home and not sit infront of his apartment.I was about to pass out when I got really upset and I texted him that I'll move because he probably hates looking at my face... I moved my car and parked somewhere else so I could pull myself together and close my eyes for a few minutes so I can drive home safely... He told me to park my car in my own driveway and it's my choice to sit there and wallow in pity, and have fun... That's when I had to leave, he didn't want me anymore, a two hour and 45 minute drive seemed like I was driving for days, I pulled over many times to get it together and just go home, there were many times when I just wanted to drive into a truck and end it there, but I couldn't let him live with that guilt...I got into an accident, 3 cars and they both were damaged except mine, mine just had one single scratch and I made it home close to 10and he didn't even text me to ask me if I made it home safe. I texted him the pictures of my accident and the citation of me speeding and all he said was I am sorry, didn't ask me how I was or anything. Aren't all these just reasons to not want to die?I refuse to believe anyone could be like this... No one can possibly treat someone they claimed to love, they can't.He just watched... Those three hours and didn't even come sit next to me, my butt still hurts from sitting on that burning ground for hours and I have a very bad sunburn, woke up with a fever and I still feel like I am drowning.  Not a word, no effort to stay together and I have been a mess since. Not eating, not sleeping, not even talking to anyone at home. Fucking my life up one day at a time.I want him to contact me and tell me he misses me and wants to get back together, but there is no reason to hold my breath, I know there is very little chance of that happening. He will blame this up to being bad at relationships and that he loves me too much to hurt me again. He doesn't realize that all these things he's doing are going to scar me for life. I can never be the same again, I can never recover from what happened, or rather what I did to myself. Do I still love him? Yes, more than anything in this world, but I will never settle for anyone else.Does he still want to be with me?No, I was just there so he could move on from his ex and he is back with her again, and it hurts to watch... 
