So I've been a lurker for a few weeks on this reddit, and although it pains me to know there are so many suffering with depression and suicidal thoughts--like me--there's this weird sense of camaraderie that this reddit gives me.So, before I ask any questions, I just wanted to say thank you. I've had a really shitty last few weeks. Been bouncing back and forth like gravity's playing basketball with my head, and now I just want out of the game. Just... not permanently.----I've been trying to educate myself more about my depression and suicidal thoughts. A lot of it is just reflection.I'm really hoping people with some experience can help answer some questions, and if you have any questions you want to ask yourself, feel free to do so. I'll try to contribute myself if I can.1) Do you think it's actually possible for us to get involved in a loving, lasting relationship? I'm particularly interested in a romantic relationship, but I wonder if a lasting one is possible. To me, I don't understand why someone would want to shoulder such a burden (us), especially when a romantic relationship is like two pillars. You know--you both got to shoulder the roof together. I don't want to bring unnecessary weight if I can help it. My head's telling me no, but maybe some of you have some experience regarding this?2) I used to think that if I can curb my depression towards some artistic outlet, I could gain something from all of this. The thing is, I don't know if this will bring me any peace? Hemingway, Sylvia Plath, and other writers I admire, have molded their depression into a creative sphere, but even they didn't find peace.They both killed themselves in the end. Do you still think it's possible to find some sort of permanent sanctuary through art?3) For those of you who strongly are against medication, could I have your reasons why? I'm against medication (for myself), but I feel like I'd be a hypocrite to recommend that option to others suffering from depression if I don't take it myself. I don't have any amazing reason why. I've suffered through this for six years already. I feel like medication now is sort of erasing that effort. It's so hard to fight through the haziness of the rough times, but I feel there has to be some way. I think about suicide all the time, but I know deep down all I want is to find my own happiness. Again, I want to do it. I just don't know how to. 
