So I'll start from the beginning. This could end up being a big wall of text, but if you read and respond, thank you. So, in high school I was pretty normal. I've always been a kind hearted guy, and all I want is to help people. To this day, I cannot say no to someone who needs help. Except that in 9th grade I had a surgery on my butt, where I had a horrible case of cysts, the worst in the country according to the specialist at the #3 hospital in the country. And it was physically painful. But my girlfriend who I had barely been dating 4 months was there, and oh was she amazing. She stuck with me for over 2 years. I wanted to marry that girl. So now it's the start of my senior year, my butt still hasn't healed from the last surgery I had my freshman year and I was getting tired of this painful secret. A buddy would jokingly give me a light kick to the butt, and it felt like I was about to die, but I had to straight face it and keep walking. A full day at school was exhausting, I needed to get home and sleep. I spent every day hoping someone doesn't smell the blood. I bleed all day, every day for years. And then, 1 month into my senior year, my girlfriend (who was in her first year of college) left me. Not only did she leave me, but she got back with the butt hole she dated before me, years ago. They dated a month before they broke it off, and she then slept with my best friend. I find this out at the same time my best friends girlfriend shows me the bruises hidden on her legs and stomach from him abusing her. (Incase you're wondering, yes i got her out of that situation, shes now happily married.) At this point in my life I've become a bit of an angry person, but I felt I could get better. And I was for awhile.For the following year, I was happy. I had moved back home, gotten a decent job, found a place to live with a good buddy (who isn't a woman beating asshole) and had my own car. But then, July 24, 2010 my mother died. She wasn't suffering from any health issues, there was no warning. She simply had a stroke at the age of 54, and died. I was a total mommas boy. I loved going home for a home cooked meal and catching up, and leaving with brownies and a big hug where she called me her "baby boy" every single time. What I wouldn't give to hear her call me that again. I'd wake up at night crying, in  a cold sweat. This was when the real depression set in. For 4 years after my mom passed, I was single that entire time. Never even getting so much as a hug from a girl. My grandma had finally passed, but we saw it coming. After my mothers death, my grandma was slowly fading. Thinner every day, never a day she wasnt crying. Until a heart attack finally took her. But at least i had a chance to say good bye to her. Slowly my friends begin to fade away because they didn't want to put up with my issues. They were truly the best friends I could've ever asked for. But I pushed them away, and I can't get them back. At this point I'm so incredibly lonely. I'd do anything for someone to show me some kindness.Then I meet this girl on World of Warcraft. She's super nice to me, asks me how I am. And eventually yanks out the truth that I'm depressed. But she kept being kind to me. No one is ever kind to me, it's a shocker. I'm always helping other people, but they just shoo me away afterwards and forget that I exist. She lives 12 hours away but eventually we decide we would like to meet. I'm so happy. Finally someone cares that I exist. Someone texts me every day asking how I am. Someone wants to be near me. And we meet 3 more times over the course of 5 months, and I asked her to move in with me in my home. She said yes. I was incredibly happy. I couldn't imagine this going wrong. I told her to take her time to settle in. Don't worry about a job, don't worry about a thing. Just get used to the new home 12 hours away from where she's from. 3 months passed and summer ended, I'm still happy but somewhat less happy. Another few months pass and I'm starting yo get annoyed. While I work, she plays video games all day every day. I wake up in the morning, she's still up playing. I get home from work, there she is playing games. Then, she would look at me with those big beautiful eyes and say "babe, I'm hungry. Can you make something?" Right after I got home from work. I'm now becoming angry again. I finally work up the courage to tell her, I need help. I need help paying bills, I do not have the energy to work, make dinner, and do all of the house work. She said she'd start helping and get a job. Great. She never got a job. Never put much effort into it either. I began to lose interest. I'd come home and go straight to bed. I was starting to hate her. I did everything for her, but all she could do is play video games all day. I felt like my kindness was being taken advantage of. I hated being around her. Sex with her was awful, I couldn't wait for it to be over so she could go back to her games and leave me alone. Finally I work up the balls to say "you either get a job or you leave." She left. So now here I am, 1 year after that break up, friendless, loveless, and still the nicest guy in the world. I go to work and act normal, I Bullshit with the other workers, I laugh and I smile. But I come home, and I lay in bed all day. Every day. My depression has gotten so bad, I can't bring myself to do anything any more. My house is a dump, my life is in shambles. And I don't know what to do. I try so hard to make friends, but no one wants to hang out with me. I try online dating, I can't even get a single reply. I try to hang out with a pretty girl I work with, and she seems nice. She always says "I'll text you and let you know later." She doesn't text me. I can't do this much longer.I cannot put up with living a life where no one cares about me. My life, does not impact anyone else's. If I were to die tomorrow, no one's life would change. No one would miss me. No one would visit my grave. No one would think "I wish he were still here."I know my problems are minor compared to other peoples, but the loneliness is just too much to handle. Thank you for listening to my story.
