I don't do shit all day. I browse my phone, do whatever else seems entertaining. When I hang out with my family, I try to be upbeat and goofy. That probably makes it seem like I'm making up this depression. But all day, I'm constantly reminded of how terrible I feel in general. I can have good times, but that whisper in the back of my mind is just waiting for me to be alone. I just had a great day with my 10 year old cousin. We played with barbies, i bought her an awesome Beanie Boo stuffed animal with my allowance money(more on that later). I try to be really great to everyone because I don't know if that will be the last time I see them. They dont know how depressed I am. After 2 years, I've started talking about it. They could already kinda tell, though. My grandma gives me $300 a month, I don't have to worry about anything. Free food, free board, I buy myself toys all the time. I seem like such a moocher. I feel like absolute shit about that. It's a great situation, but I shouldn't be in it still at the age of nearly 23.But I cannot function as a normal person. I can't eat, I'm so depressed. I manage maybe 800 cal on a good day. My weight has been readily dropping. People have noticed that. I'm tired constantly because of it. I need 11+ hours  of sleep to be even a little productive. My speech is slurred, and my memory weakened, unless I try especially hard to annunciate. I feel like a moron because I just don't fit in. Ugh. The fatigue is the worst. I cant work. I'm such a loser...I hate myself. I must seem awful to my family. They're not dumb, so surely these must have crossed their minds. They've never been anything but awesome to me, never confrontational towards me or anything, but still...I want to kill myself, but that would probably be a worse thing to do to them than mooching. But on the other hand, I would be a burden off their shoulders. I honestly want to kill myself at least 3 times a day. I've decided that I would tighten a belt around my neck. I did it a couple times this week, just until my face tingled. I don't think it would hurt very bad to just leave it on... :/But I won't kill myself. I don't know what I'll do....Seriously though, I'm not going to. So please don't worry about that. I'm just sad. :(
