The title explains it. I don't know what to do anymore. I have been feeling so lost for the longest time and it feels like I'm always going to be this way. All of my attempts at trying to have a life, and actually being happy are crushed and I'm fucking tired of it. It seems like no matter what I do it always goes wrong. Every. Single. Time. I hate my life. I hate what I have made myself. I try to make myself think I am, but I'm not. I'm so lonely. I'm so unhappy. I'm so tired of everything. Including living. It's to the point where I do nothing all day. I just sit here and wallow in my own pain and suffering. No one cares either. I have one friend, Victoria. She's my best friend. I've known her for 2 years. She has been there for me ever since and I am in love with her but she has told me countless times over and over and over again that she does not feel he same and that she never will. She's the only thing that actually makes me happy and the fact that I can't have her kills me. That's not the biggest issue. Just a piece of the puzzle. She always says she cares and that she will never replace me, but she has. I'm alone again.  Like always. She was there when I tried to kill myself a month ago. She came to my house at 1am and comforted me, stayed with me for 2 hours, made sure I was fine, and even then stayed up with me until 6am. She's perfect.  She has her flaws, but I accept them. To me she's the perfect fit. She is just fucking amazing and she is always hurt. I want to help her, but she declines it. She doesn't want it at all. How can you call me your best friend if you don't want my help? That's what best friends fucking do. But I digress. I have been stuck in this rut of just being lost for the past couple years. I don't know what I want to do with my life I don't know what my skills or my talents or whatever the fuck I'm suppose to do with my life is. The only option I see is ending it. I plan on going downtown tomorrow and jumping off a building. It's the only thing I can see ending this rut. I'm sorry to bother you all. I know you don't care, but I had to tell someone since no one else is bothered to help me.
