I am putting all my chips on the table on one last hand.  I am putting forth every dietary and lifestyle change I have thought might make a difference, right here, at this moment. My mind, without decision from me, has decided to destroy my ego and concepts of "who I am", for the second time in my life.  I honestly did not think it could happen again, how a mind could "break".  Those of you suffering from serious stress and or depression, sometimes I bet you feel like, "Something has to give, how can a mind take so much pain?"  But things go on and on for days and weeks - years, without anything changing or giving way.  I'm here to tell you, when it does come, it is usually unexpectedly, and extremely harsh.  When you lose all sense of self, as in your personality or part of it just dies on the spot.  When you are just sitting in a chair dealing with the usual BS, trying to push through, as you have a million times before for whatever reason, suddenly those racing thoughts of an anxiety attack come on....it's the usual, deal with the pain, try not to let your co-workers see you suffer so they don't think you are crazy...wait, paitently, your mind in a state of complete anguish, as if all the pain you ever experienced in your life comes tearing back all at once and you do everything you can to fight it off, but fail, and end up basking in the flames as always.  If at work, you just want to go home, if at home, you want to get under a rock.  None of these things help.   Anyway, there you are in the chair, stone faced, trying to ride out the anguish, but, oddly, the predictable nature of these attacks suddenly changes.  What you thought could be no more vicious, takes on an entirely new dimension.  My delusions and anxiety attacks usually take the form of paranoia andPainful memories from the past, coupled with lashing out towards people I care about that are involved in the paranoias.   Most people eventually got sick of it and abandoned me, just my family and a few good friends remain, which I am intensely lucky to have.Suddenly the common string of events which you experience in your anxiety attack, morphs into not just a string of pain, useless conjectures about what others are doing, and bad memories, it becomes this unholy beast of a compound equation, on one side all your useless, seemingly unstoppable paranoias and fears and past memories, played out to their fullest and most insane, within your brain space, on the other side, you, as a person, the sum of all these issues, because for most of your life, you have been an artificial creature, your personality and self defined by your pain.The equation does not add up, and therefore collapses in on it self, taking your ego with it.  You still follow some of the same patterns, but in reality you are trying to figure things out with this new self, almost like a disfigured newborn, this new ego arises.And that is why, I am giving it one final, true attempt.  I am going to do all the "right" things and see if I am not just a broken human being, never meant to have the basic human comforts of others...needing to take a drug to even experience the sensation of comfort.If this does not work, I have already planned how I will end it.  It will be glorious.
