Warning: rant post There are plenty of people in my school that get this thing called special consideration. It's basically where teachers mark you easier, you get an automatic pass on your classes even if you did shit in them and skipping classes for weeks or months is a cinch, if you have the forms there's no consequences. This is because of their medical issues and these students usually have a mental illness such as anxiety or depression. To get special consideration for your mental illness/es you'd have to go to a psychiatrist or psychologist to write you a note to say "yep, can confirm this person needs special consideration". Papers are filled in and boom it is nearly impossible to flunk out. A few of my friends have special consideration and frankly I envy them. Not just because they less pressure to do well but because they can afford to go to the shrink and get help. For me it's a different story; any free services are garbage (I tried every free service) and the last time I went to a psychiatrist $400 was spent in a month for a single service (that is a SHIT ton of money for me). The guy told me his life story several times and to suck it up there are people who have it worse. I couldn't stand his bullshit; I told him what he wanted to hear which is repeating what he said and I was "back to normal". What I learned from that experience is go back to my childhood coping methods which are keep my problems to myself, expect the worst when it comes to people and pretend every part of my body doesn't feel like hanging myself. Childhood neglect was my main resource for these methods. I already tried to kill myself once and what happened was I waited several hours in a hospital to talk to two people in the youth mental health department people for half an hour, got registered in their system and then back home. I'm not saying that is worthless bullshit but the mental health services where i'm from are severely under-staffed and over-worked.To pretty much everyone I know I am a closet hipster with a cold bitchy attitude. Just because I don't show any "deep" emotions such as compassion and joy doesn't mean my emotions don't exist in the first place. Yes it hurts a lot when you make fun of who I am, yes I do worry when you feel like shit yourself and yes I do spend sleepless nights looking at a white ceiling going through different ways to kill myself. Sorting them from sad clown circus routine to better write my eulogy now. Then there's these people with caring parents with money and way less academic stress. When I get worried when they don't show up at school for days what really happened is they got hungover and/or just felt too lazy to come. I can't tell them to get up there's assignments worth a significant part of your grade overdue and piling up. Because what a dick move right? Telling them to not abuse the system made for people who genuinely struggle with everyday life. Then I remember it's nearly impossible for them to fail any of their classes which results in me feeling like an idiot. It's like reminding a rich person to pay their taxes.  To conclude; I walked into a classroom and I saw a form for special consideration and I saw a friend's name on top. Then I laughed bitterly in my head and if I could physically show my emotions I would've started crying. For them it's easy to get help because not only do their parents give a shit but they can also afford it. For me I go through cycles of depression, go through methods of suicides on a regular basis and pretend to everyone that i'm just fine, really. Because as the stone-cold bitch that you know I can't feel anything.Edit: Wording
