I just need to write all this out because I have nobody to talk to, even if nobody reads this I think writing out how I feel will help me a bit. My mind has been fucked recently. I don't even know what's wrong with me, I'm not suffering from depression or any other mental disorder, im just a lazy, disgusting piece of shit - and it's like I don't care, I don't even try to get better. I fucking hate myself, it's entirely my fault because i'm an entitled cunt who thinks the world owes him a living when I literally don't even deserve to be alive. I've always been nothing more than a fucking loser. Okay, I don't even know where to start so I'll start from when my shit got turbo fucked. It all started in November 2014 when I was 17, I was walking home from a friends house and then BAM that empty inside/"ugh what even is the point of living?" feeling hit me. This wasn't the first time i'd been depressed, so I knew "it" (i didn't know what depression really was back then) was starting again. In fact I can remember having a few episodes of depression when I was a teenager so I reassured myself that I'd feel that way for a few months and then i'd be okay again, just like the other times. I ended up progressively smoking weed more and more until I was smoking it every day, if I couldn't get stoned i'd drink alcohol instead. I started cutting and burning my arms pretty much everyday. By the time May 2015 came around I stopped doing work in class and I eventually stopped turning up all together. My teachers would constantly harrass me, which usually led to me storming off home to consume drugs and wallow in self pity like the pathetic cretin I am, only to get (deservingly) absolutely lambasted by my mother when she got home.This went on for several months until my mum noticed I always had a jacket on, she forced me to take it off and she saw my scars and fresh cuts. If I didn't already want to die, I sure as shit did now. She forced me to go to the doctors and it just made everything worse, it made me realise how evil I truly am. I could never explain how I felt, why I was sad, why I hurt myself, etc so I guess the doctor got sick of me wasting his time and told me exactly what was wrong with me; he prescribed me antidepressants and told me to stop being pathetic and isolating myself because my mum is worried about me and im never going to get better unless I get off my arse and try, he then told me to get a haircut. I stopped going after that and I won't go back. My mum went crazy when I told her I wasn't going back to the doctor anymore, she told me that she was ashamed that i'm her son and that im faking being depressed for sympathy and that she's the one who has depression, not me. By the time November 2015 came around I got kicked out of school. I went home, got drunk and ended up cutting my upper left arm to shreds with shards of a plate I'd broken. My mum got home and yelled at me as much as she usually does before bawling and telling me i'm ruining her life. I was a literally a hikikomori for 5 months and it was hell, but in this time I managed to stop self harming. In February 2016 I felt kind of better, I mean I wasn't happy all the time, but I didn't feel like dying as much. So I got a job. It paid shit. The hours were long. The work was monotonous. The commute was over an hour long. After a month of working there I quit, I fucking hated it. I told my mum I quit and my reasons for doing so and got told I was an embarrassment, useless, lazy, pathetic, etc. Pretty much what I expected. It really upset me though and I ended up doing a half arsed hanging attempt and burning myself with lighters/cigarettes. For about a week I felt really fucking awful, I was a NEET again. Then one day last month I randomly felt really fucking good, I haven't felt that good since July 2014. I can't explain it, it feels like more than happiness, it's like im on cocaine or something I don't even know. It makes me feel very hyper, excited and optimistic for a few hours then calms down. I applied for college, several jobs, stopped drinking and smoking weed and I was very motivated, I could not fucking wait to start college, I thought my life was fixed. The "extreme happiness" wore off, but I still felt prett good for the next 2 weeks. Then last week, thursday to be exact, I started feeling like shit again. I didn't get out of bed for 3 days and thought about how I was faking being depressed literally all day for those 3 days. Then on Sunday I woke up feeling alright-ish, then that extreme happy feeling hit again and I smashed up my desk because i'm a freak and then I went out and annoyed my friends all day. Now it's monday and I feel like shit again. I can't stand this shit anymore, honestly. I have got to be the most pathetic person to ever exist. I can't fucking believe this is my life. I want to die, but I can't do it. One day, one fucking day i'll gather the strength to do it. Im not killing myself because i'm depressed, i NEED to do it for the good of all humanity. I should've been aborted, I was never meant to be alive. Fuck, I deserve to die. I'm such a burden to everyone and it makes me feel sick to my stomach. So here I am, posting on Reddit seeking attention like the cunt I am. What the fuck do I do? Theres no way out of this. Im still going to college, but I know i'm just going to fuck it up like I fuck up everything else. Why can't I just go to sleep and never wake up? For fucks sake. This can't be reality, this has got to be some fucking sick joke.  
