Hello. So my brother/best friend is a 15M who has lived with anxiety ever since he was little. And as time is going on, its getting worse. A little bit of background: I'm 18M, and I have both major depression and anxiety. My brother has a girl friend, and for some time they took a short break from each other to figure some stuff out. During this, he was forcefully seduced by a girl online without him noticing. This gave him the worst nightmare he can ever ask from Mr. Guilt. Ever since then, every single thing(even little things) that triggers his anxiety also triggers the memory of that night, and he starts freaking out(panic attack joins in) and feels guilty as hell every single time, because of an even that occurred 3 years ago.Today, he came to me and asked me for help. He told me that he doesn't want to hide it from me anymore(although I already knew he has it, we are SUPER, SUPER close. Closest two brothers/best friends can ever get). He tells me that he needs my help, and of course I was there to help. Only problem was, I had no fucking clue on what to do. First thing I did was ask him what was going on, and he told me he was scared of tomorrow's exam and it triggered stuff as usual. He then started crying and having his attack, and I comforted him and showed him a breathing exercise he can use. He has a lot of school stress(By a lot, I mean A WHOLE LOT), in addition to worrying about a lot of stuff, for example he always worries about his girlfriend(He is worried that he isn't enough for her, he is always worried about making her mad, he is worried he can't pleasure her, etc..). He just worries about everything in his life, about losing me(because im suicidal sometimes, but that isn't our topic), he is worried about losing his girlfriend(which is normal, but add to it anxiety and its fucking awful). So I'm sure he will come for more help soon(because its exams week), and I have no idea what to do next time. NO IDEA. How to calm him down? IDK. How to explain to him how anxiety works and how he can fix it? IDK(he asked me this today, i said we will talk about it later). What i know is that we both promised each other to go to group therapy one day, but until we both are ready we only have each other. I just have no idea how to help him, how to calm him down, how to help him fix things. I'm sure we can fix things together, but i have no clue how. I just want him to "get rid" of anxiety(which is impossible), but I want to make it better. Easier. More manageable. I JUST WANT TO MAKE HIM FEEL BETTER IN EVERY WAY, SHAPE AND FORM. I don't know how to fix stuff. I want to.Please help me.
