I couldn't seeing as clearly before, but I can tell now that my behavior at work and loss of friendships is entirely my fault. No longer can I blame the job loss, or the change, or the people I work with, or my family. It's me. I know this is a good thing to acknowledge but damn it feels terrible :(After six months at a new job I finally just got angry. The anger I think is a byproduct of this depression that I can't seem to fight anymore. When there was more time for therapy, and meditation, working out, it was manageable.Now it's just so tiring. I come home and curl up in bed and cry. I cry at least once a day driving, but usually at home. I cry over small things, like today finding out someone was going through a hard time. And my heart broke. I'm angry this has to happen but it is life.I feel so stupid. I know the fact that I have depression and anxiety is extremely clear to my coworkers, and the fact I was angry and felt like lashing out today is just am embarrassment. I didn't, but there were moments were my tone was of exasperation and anger. And lots of sighing. In a big office you can hide in your cubicle on bad days, but here there's nowhere to hide in an open office with lots of socializing. I'm a 32 year old woman, why would I feel this way like a child?Tomorrow I have to go back and pretend it's all ok again, but my moods are so palpable that I want to run and hide. The office I work in is very small and close knit. And I don't feel like I can escape anymore for small periods of time, the way I could with a job I had previously. I fear when I go to work tomorrow that others will be cold and afraid. Above all, that they will be wary of even addressing me since I may seem out of balance. Do I apologize? Pretend nothing happened?How do I get out of this mess? How do I create a life I feel is worth living? It seems insurmountable, on top of the distorted thoughts and unhealthy thought patterns. Sometimes I think about death because I'm tired of fearing I will get angry at someone and hurt them so. It hasn't happened except this morning on Reddit, which I deeply regret.I can't stop thinking of two people who I lashed out to years ago-one was just a sentence of irritation, but it scared her. I just never thought of myself as scary, but maybe I am, just like my mom.Why oh why? And then I come on Reddit and post too much, maybe as a way to not feel alone, or maybe I just want the validation. But I have to do it on my own. I've literally become a person incapable of thinking logically or clearly, at least today.
