(Will see a doctor eventually, just need advice in the meantime before an appointment)There's nothing truly wrong with my life. But that's the thing with depression, there doesn't need to be. I have a job that appreciates me, a family that loves and supports me, and apparently I have friends (I do, just right now it doesn't feel like it). That's the thing too, I can always KNOW something, but it doesn't always change how I feel.I was diagnosed with depression when I was 12, and I had therapy for years. I'm going to get therapy sometime again soon.I moved away thinking a new start was all I needed, a change of pace. After a few months, I made friends, but one night I got drunk  and after leaving them all smiling and happy, I started crying by myself on the subway thinking about jumping into the tracks. The only thing that stopped me was my cat. And that's the thing that makes me feel pathetic, the only thing that truly stops me is that my cat needs me to survive (and I most certainly need her), and of course knowing my dad wouldn't be able to take the news. But I honestly fear the day one of them might die, because I probably will too.And it's not that I want to die; I have hopes, dreams, plans, potential. I've applied for my masters, and I'm kind of putting all my eggs in that basket for the time being. I want to do a lot. But I don't want to be in this existence anymore. I want things to be like my imagination; they say imagination is a good thing, and while it's certainly added to my potential and goals, it's making me depressed. I always think of things that make me happy, hopes for the future, expectations for the future... And it doesn't always go to plan. Especially with my outlandish dreams (ie, get a good career out of college, be friends with my favorite bands, date my dream guy, live in one of those super nice apartments). I know there's still hope, but I know my dreams can be pretty outlandish, and while I can control things like jobs, that takes probably about a decade, and even with that there's no guarantee.I've been single 6 1/2 years, partly due to myself (demi-asexual), partly due to others and probably various personality flaws. I feel attractive 70% of the time when I put effort into my appearance, and plenty of people complement me, but it's not always the people I want complementing me. I'm 23 and I haven't had a boyfriend since high school, and it's not that it's so depressing, I just get kind of lonely, especially cooped up in my imagination of 'what could be'. And then I think about how that probably seems pathetic (sometimes I'm proud of being single, not always), and how I'm not sure if I ever actually will find "true love". The reality of it doesn't suck, it's just the reality compared to my awesome imagination which isn't real that sucks. Like if I didn't imagine things, I'd probably be happy 80%+ of the time. I also know  a relationship won't just make me happy, and I know I might still be miserable in a relationship (which is another reason I haven't gotten into one, what's the point?)I just got back from vacation; I did everything I loved, traveled, went to a bunch of concerts (two of which for my favorite band), saw my friends, family, and I got to travel by myself so I thought that would be what I always wanted. I definitely wasn't that happy. I'm hoping it's just that it's my depression, that it's not actually reality that I don't enjoy these things as much. But really, I know I've been much happier before, and so it adds yet another damper that I didn't enjoy myself as much as I have before. Because my plan was "go abroad, travel, have fun, I'll be happy" but I just traveled and it wasn't so. And concerts and traveling were the only things I could always depend on to make me happy. I'm just terrified this might be permanent, that if I move abroad/get my dream job, that  I still won't be happy. That all of my hard work will be for absolutely nothing. That my imagination will always be better. I'm slightly more afraid of not achieving anything and my talents going to waste, but I'm still afraid of achieving everything I want, being where I think I want to be, and still being upset. Both of those potential realities suck.I'm still going to be hopeful, I know it gets better, I know I just have to try and try. But it's not going to be today. I'm hoping it will be soon, because I don't want to feel like this much longer. I'm not even sure I can last the summer without some solid hope of one of my goals being achieved (acceptance into masters, going abroad, or getting a good job. Any are fine, masters being most preferred.). And then still, the fear looms that those things may not make me happy. But at least it's a little rope to some idealized happiness that I have.Anyway, if you read this far, thank you. If you have ideas on how to get out of a depression rut, one that's real deep, getting motivation &amp; joy back in life, or just how to stop imagining false realities that are probably unlikely, let me know, I'd really appreciate it.For now I have my cat, which is enough, but I'd like real hope to cling on to instead of just her being my purpose for life.(Also, my depression is coming out more and more every day. I was talking to my coworker, laughing and making light of my situation, and she said "Well, why do you want to kill yourself?" and I said very genuinely, and in a funny way "I don't really have a reason to live". We laughed, and it's really funny, but it felt really honest saying it.)
