I no longer know what to do with my life anymore. I just recently turned 19 and have been struggling with depression since early 2007.I work 2 jobs only for the reason to stop myself from brooding over killing myself, Alot of the money i earn i donate away to people because i have no need for money. I can work from anytime after 5am right up to 1am the following day. somedays i work over 13 hours and i force myself to act like nothing is wrong and that im a perfectly functioning person yet i feel so broken inside.Ive been to psycologists for 4 years (multiple different people) and tried kids helpline multiple times yet i dont feel like it does anything.I met a girl in december 2013 and i grew attached to her, we used to talk everyday and she would constantly want to skype call meand play games with me, i was worried that i would hurt her so i said so, and she said that she wont get hurt. at the end of 2014i started getting more and more sick and she started to worry about me asking me to call helpline or try to talk to someone but i couldnt do it. in feb 2015 i completely didnt message her for a month because i felt so sick i had to take a break from everythingbefore i started to do things that would hurt her. I messaged her at the end of March and she told me that because of me she,"I cut my skin because of you, I can't go to school because of you, i smoke and drink because of you, Yet i still want you in my lifeIt's Just fucked up."i tried to apologise for it but she refused to listen to me anymore and told me she hated me. she ended up moving to england and didnt message me until september where she said,"I fucking missed you you fucking asshole you cunt fuck you""After i stopped talking you because talking to you and always trying to help you made me depressed you just didnt give a shit and moved on to the next person to bring down. You made me feel like nothing"I felt like shit because of everything that i had done to her and i tried to kill myself, but i ended up going into hospital. No-one evenknew about me going to hospital not even my mum, i told her that i was staying at a friends house for the night.I recently (8 months ago) completed my HSC exams and was planning to go to university yet i lack the motivation to do so. I had planned to study for a bachelor of Information Technology but to do the course i will have to move over 1000km from home.I eat sometimes 2 times a week, i constantly lie to my mum saying that i will get dinner on my way home from work, yet i just sit outside for an hour before going home. I used to be an avid gamer, i put thousands of hours into games and made a lot of friends on steam, but i hate playing games and hate talking to people now. I had planned to kill myself in april of 2015 (after previously failing), yet a girl i met online stopped me from doing it, i fell inlove with her and eventually we started dating, however i could see that i was constantly hurting her and i started to physically injuremyself because i hated what i was doing. I travelled across australia to live with her for a month after my HSC exams and i was able to make her happy for a short time. After i went back home we slowly stopped talking until in may of this year when she sent me this message and since that message we havent spoken together at all.MAY 10TH, 7:34PMIm having a break, from everythingIll be back to normal in a few weeksI just need some spaceI hate myself for everything that i have done and i think that its time for me to go. I dont know how the few people who still talkto me will react but i guess that im sorry for everything.
