I've had depression since I was 12 and haven't dealt well with it. I refused to take meds for it until I was 19, so basically just dealt with it during high school. During that time, I kinda just stopped caring about everything. I stopped brushing my teeth so much, and rarely ever used face wash, so now my teeth are a pale yellow. My family offered to have them whitened for me, but I'm scared I'll just go back to not caring about them. When I went to college, I was honestly surprised, because I really never thought I'd live that long. I ended up with a great ACT score and a full tuition scholarship, but when I started classes, my depression started up again. About halfway through my first semester, I started taking medication, Effexor, and dealt with the side effects for a while. I was also on an anti-anxiety medication as well. I was everywhere in my second semester while we tried to find the right dosage. Some days I'd go to class and give my best effort, and some I'd just figure there wasn't any point. I would probably just fail anyways. After I realized no matter what I did I was going to lose my scholarship, I kind of just shut down. It was sort of the last thing I was living for, I guess, just having something I had to work for. I took the news horribly and attempted for my first time. Even though the school was really understanding and offered counseling, I wasn't going to get my scholarship back, so I just dropped out instead. My depression got worse, I quit my job, stayed home, and played WoW all day. I'm still on that mind track of "Why should I care? It's not like I'll live that long." There's no plan to attempt again, but at the same time I'm just resigned to the idea that I will be taking my own life someday. I'm tired of being embarrassed by my teeth and acne. I'm in school again, and back on academic probation, and this is really my last chance so I can't keep doing this, but no matter how "determined" I get, the next day or so I'm right back to "What's the point?"TL;DR: Through depression I had a "Why care when I won't live?" attitude, leading to bad hygiene and bad academic standings. I want to change and start trying again. 
